

Special City Council Minutes
City of Peterborough
May 11, 2015
Draft Minutes Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of City Council Held on May 11, 2015, in the
Council Chambers.

The City Council meeting was called to order at 6:03 p.m. in the Council Chambers, City Hall.
Roll Call: Councillor Baldwin Councillor Beamer Councillor Clarke Councillor Haacke Councillor McWilliams Councillor Pappas Councillor Parnell Councillor Riel Councillor Therrien Councillor Vassiliadis Mayor Bennett
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interests
Councillor Baldwin declared an Interest in Item 1 of Committee of the Whole Report No. 9, Report COU15-005 – Chief Administrative Officer Appointment, as he is related to the appointee through marriage.
Delegations
Committee of the Whole Report
There were no delegations.
Other Items on the Agenda
There were no delegations.


City Council Minutes
Meeting of May 11, 2015
Page 2
Committee of the Whole Report Number 9
Item 1 was separated due to Councillor Baldwin’s previously declared interest.
Item 1
Due to his previously declared interest Councillor Baldwin did not discuss or vote on the matter.
Moved by Councillor Beamer, seconded by Councillor Parnell
That Report Number 9 of Committee of the Whole meeting of May 11, 2015 be approved.
Upon Item 1, the motion carried.
The main motion of Councillors Beamer and Parnell the motion carried.
By-laws
Due to his previously declared interest Councillor Baldwin did not discuss or vote on By-law 15-081.
Moved by Councillor Therrien, seconded by Councillor Haacke
That the following by-laws be read a first, second and third time:
15-081
Being a By-law to Appoint a Chief Administrative Officer and to Repeal By-law 15-079
Being a By-law to appoint a Deputy Chief Administrative Officer
15-082
and the said by-law, having been now read a third time and passed, the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign and seal the same.
“CARRIED”



City Council Minutes
Meeting of May 11, 2015
Page 3
Confirmatory By-law
Moved by Councillor Therrien, seconded by Councillor Hacke
That the following by-law be read a first, second and third time:
15-083
Being a By-law to confirm the proceedings of the Council at its meeting held on May 11, 2015.
and the said by-law, having been now read a third time and passed, the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign and seal the same.
“CARRIED”
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Pappas, seconded by Councillor Clarke
That this meeting of City Council adjourn at 6:08 p.m.
“CARRIED”
Daryl Bennett Mayor
John Kennedy City Clerk



