



Councillor Compensation Committee

City of Peterborough

October 27, 2016

Draft Minutes Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of the Councillor Compensation Committee held
on October 27, 2016 in the City Board Room, City Hall

The Councillor Compensation Committee meeting was called to order at 5:00 p.m. in the Board Room, City Hall.
Present: Claude Dufresne Wayne Godward Daniel Kivari Dan Moloney Garth Wedlock, Chair Jeff Westlake
Regrets: Dave McFadden
Staff: Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk John Kennedy, City Clerk
Prior to the start of regular business, the Committee met with Councillors Haacke and Pappas separately. The interviews were concluded at 5:32 p.m.
Minutes – October 6, 2016
Moved by Claude Dufresne
That the minutes of the October 6, 2016 meeting be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Councillor Compensation Committee
Meeting of October 27, 2016
Page 2
Consent Agenda
Moved by Jeff Westlake
That items 4 and 5 be approved as part of the consent agenda.
“CARRIED”
Director of Corporate Services Report COUCOM16-004 Benefits and Mileage Rates
Moved by Jeff Westlake
That the Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report COUCOM16- 004 dated October 27, 2016, of the Director of Corporate Services, as follows:
That report COUCOM16-004 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Deputy City Clerk Report Council Compensation – Past 10 Years
Moved by Jeff Westlake
That the chart “History of Council and Mayor Remuneration”, be received for information.
“CARRIED”

Councillor Compensation Committee
Meeting of October 27, 2016
Page 3
City Clerk Report COUCOM16-005 Municipal Surveys 2016
Moved by Wayne Godward
That the Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report COUCOM16- 005 dated October 27, 2016, of the City Clerk, as follows:
That Report COUCOM16-005 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
City Clerk Verbal Report Possibility of Pay Grid
The City Clerk advised that he had checked with legal and they were unable to find any examples of a pay grid system associated with Council members.
Other Business
The Chair reviewed the items the Committee had considered as part of the Compensation Review Process.  The following list was developed:

•  Compensation •  Benefits •  Mileage •  Grid system •  Pay for Committee Work •  Part Time/Full Time •  Automatic Review Process •  Expense Accounts •  Mechanism for Automatic Increases •  Consideration of Other Council Activities (i.e. ribbon cuttings, events)

Councillor Compensation Committee
Meeting of October 27, 2016
Page 4
The Committee discussed each item and came to consensus as follows:
Compensation – no change recommended
Benefits – not recommended
Mileage – no change recommended
Grid System – not recommended
Pay for Committee Work – not recommended
Part time or Full time – no change recommended
Automatic Review Process – it is recommended that a review be undertaken once per term (in the second year of the term), and that any changes come into effect in the following term.
Expense Accounts – no change recommended
Mechanism for Annual Increase – no change recommended
The Chair and the Director of Corporate Services will prepare a draft report for Committee consideration and one final meeting will be held.
Next Meeting
The date of the next meeting is to be determined.
Adjournment
Moved by Daniel Kivari
That this meeting of the Councillor Compensation Committee adjourn at 6:52 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Councillor Compensation Committee
Meeting of October 27, 2016
Page 5


John Kennedy Clerk
Garth Wedlock Chair
