Minutes of Joint Services
Steering Committee
September 8, 2016
Council Chambers
City Hall
Draft Minutes Not Approved








The meeting was called to order at 3:45 p.m. by Mayor Bennett, Chair in the Council Chambers, City Hall.
Present: Warden J. Murray Jones, County of Peterborough Councillor Smith, County of Peterborough Councillor Gerow, County of Peterborough, Vice-Chair Councillor McFadden, County of Peterborough Mayor Daryl Bennett, City of Peterborough, Chair Councillor Baldwin, City of Peterborough Councillor Beamer, City of Peterborough Councillor Clarke, City of Peterborough
Staff: Allan Seabrooke, Chief Administrative Officer, City of Peterborough Sandra Clancy, Director of Corporate Services, City of Peterborough Patricia Lester, City Solicitor and Director of Legal Services, City of Peterborough Linda Mitchelson, Manager, Social Services Division, City of Peterborough Rebecca Morgan-Quin, Housing Program Officer, City of Peterborough Trena DeBruijn, Director of Finance, County of Peterborough Yvette Peplinski, Deputy Treasurer, County of Peterborough Randy Mellow, Chief of Paramedics, Peterborough County/City Paramedics Rhonda Keenan, President and CEO, Peterborough Economic Development John Kennedy, City Clerk, City of Peterborough
Minutes of the Meeting of June 9, 2016
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor Gerow
That the minutes of the meeting of June 9, 2016 be approved.
"CARRIED"
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.

Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of September 8, 2016
Page 2

AHAC Minutes for Information
Moved by Warden Jones, seconded by Councillor Clarke
That the AHAC (Affordable Housing Action Committee) minutes of May 12, 2016 be received for information.
"CARRIED"
Director of Planning and Development Services, City of Peterborough Report PLHDJSSC16-004 Housing is Fundamental 2016
Paul Armstrong, AHAC, made a presentation to Report PLHDJSSC16-004.
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor McFadden
That Joint Services Steering Committee endorse the recommendation outlined in Report PLHDJSSC16-004, dated September 8, 2016, of the Director of Planning and Development Services, as follows:
That the 2016 edition of the Affordable Housing Action Committee’s “Housing is Fundamental” publication, and supporting presentation, be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Director of Finance/Treasurer, County of Peterborough Chief of Paramedics, PCCP, County of Peterborough Peterborough County/City Paramedics Service (PCCP) Preliminary Draft 2017 Budget
Trena DeBruijn, Director of Finance/Treasurer, County of Peterborough and Randy Mellow, Chief of Paramedics, made a presentation.
Moved by Councillor McFadden, seconded by Councillor Smith
That the Joint Services Steering Committee (JSSC) receive the preliminary draft 2017 PCCP budget proposal and approve it to be forwarded to the City of Peterborough to act as a preliminary estimate to assist the City in their 2017 budget development.
“CARRIED”
Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of September 8, 2016
Page 3

Director of Planning and Development Services, City of Peterborough Report PLHDJSSC16-003 2016 Social Infrastructure Fund (SIF)
Moved by Councillor Beamer, seconded by Councillor Baldwin
That Joint Services Steering Committee endorse the recommendation outlined in Report PLHDJSSC16-003, dated September 8, 2016, of the Director of Planning and Development Services, as follows:
That Report PLHDJSSC16-003, be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough Report CSSSJSSC16-006 Food Security and the Municipal Role in Peterborough
Moved by Councillor Gerow, seconded by Warden Jones
That Joint Services Steering Committee endorse the recommendation outlined in Report CSSSJSSC16-006, dated September 8, 2016 of the Director of Community Service, as follows:
That Report CSSSJSSC16-006, an update regarding a plan for a new Community Meal Program be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor McFadden,
That Joint Services committee request the City and County CAO’s draft a letter for endorsement by both City and County Councils, to be sent to AMO, the Honourable Dr. Eric Hoskins, Minister of Health and Long-Term Care and MPP Leal, Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, expressing concern for the lack of provincial funding associated with health care, public health and paramedic services.
“CARRIED”
Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of September 8, 2016
Page 4

Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting will be on Thursday, October 13, 2016.
Adjournment
Moved by Warden Jones, seconded by Councillor Baldwin
That the Joint Services Steering Committee adjourn at 4:33 p.m.
"CARRIED"
John Kennedy City Clerk
Mayor Bennett Chair
