Minutes of Joint Services
Steering Committee
September 21, 2017
Council Chambers
City Hall
Draft Minutes Not Approved








The meeting was called to order at 3:45 p.m. by Councillor Gerow, Chair in the Council Chambers, City Hall.
Present: Warden Taylor, County of Peterborough Councillor Smith, County of Peterborough Councillor Gerow, County of Peterborough, Chair Councillor McFadden, County of Peterborough Mayor Daryl Bennett, City of Peterborough Councillor Baldwin, City of Peterborough Councillor Beamer, City of Peterborough Councillor Clarke, City of Peterborough
Staff: Gary King, Chief Administrative Officer, County of Peterborough Wayne Jackson, Director of Utility Services, City of Peterborough Yvette Peplinskie, Deputy Treasurer, County of Peterborough Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough Jeffrey Humble, Director of Planning and Development Services Sandra Clancy, Director of Corporate Services, City of Peterborough Linda Mitchelson, Manager, Social Services Division Manager, City of Peterborough Randy Mellow, Chief, Peterborough County/City Paramedics John Kennedy, City Clerk, City of Peterborough
Minutes of the Meeting of June 8, 2017
Moved by Councillor Smith, seconded by Councillor Clarke
That the minutes of the meeting of June 8, 2017 be approved.
"CARRIED"
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.


Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of Thursday, September 21, 2017
Page 2

Manager of Social Services Division, City of Peterborough Report CSSSJSSC17-007 Ontario Early Years System and Child and Family Centres Transformation Plan Update
Linda Mitchelson, Manager of Social Services, provided a presentation.
Moved by Councillor Baldwin, seconded by Councillor Clarke
That the Joint Services Steering Committee endorse the recommendations outlined in Report CSSSJSSC17-007 dated September 21, 2017 of the Manager of Social Services, as follows:
a)
That a presentation from Linda Mitchelson, Manager of Social Services on the latest developments in the transformation of the Child Care and Early Years system be received; and
That the recommendations outlined in Appendix A be adopted and used to guide negotiations for service agreements.
b)
“CARRIED”
Director of Finance/Treasurer, County of Peterborough Chief of Paramedics, PCCP, County of Peterborough Peterborough County/City Paramedics Service (PCCP) Preliminary Draft 2018 Budget
Randy Mellow, Chief of Paramedics, provided a presentation.
Moved by Councillor Smith, seconded Clarke
That the Warden and Mayor send a letter to the Honourable Dr. Eric Hoskins, Minister of Health and Long-Term Care, explaining the challenges involved in developing budgets when the province delays announcing their funding for the Land Ambulance Services Program.
“CARRIED”

Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of Thursday, September 21, 2017
Page 3

Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor Smith
That the Joint Services Steering Committee (JSSC) receive the preliminary draft 2018 PCCP budget proposal and approve it to be forwarded to the City of Peterborough to act as a preliminary estimate to assist the City in their 2018 budget development.
“CARRIED”
Correspondence
Moved by Councillor Beamer, seconded by Warden Taylor
That the letter received from the Ministry of Housing regarding the Province’s Home For Good (HFG) Initiative be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
The Chair recognized the retirement of County CAO, Gary King.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting will be on Thursday, October 26, 2017.
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Baldwin, seconded by Mayor Bennett
That the Joint Services Steering Committee adjourn at 4:29 p.m.
"CARRIED"
John Kennedy City Clerk
Councillor Gerow Chair
