Minutes Of Joint Services
Steering Committee
January 10, 2013
Sutherland Room
City Hall
Draft Minutes Not Approved








The  meeting  was  called  to  order  at  3:45  p.m.  by  Councillor  Gerow  in  the
Sutherland Room, City Hall.

Present:
Councillor Ron Gerow, County of Peterborough
Councillor Andy Mitchell, County of Peterborough
Councillor Jim Whelan, County of Peterborough
Mayor Daryl Bennett, City of Peterborough
Councillor Len Vass, City of Peterborough

Regrets:
Warden J. Murray Jones, County of Peterborough
Councillor Andrew Beamer, City of Peterborough
Councillor Henry Clarke, City of Peterborough

Staff:
John Butler, Director of Finance/Treasurer, County of Peterborough
Brian Horton, Chief Administrative Officer, City of Peterborough
Malcolm Hunt, Director of Planning and Development Services, City of
Peterborough
Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough
Patricia Lester, City Solicitor and Director of Legal Services, City of Peterborough
Dorothy Olver, Manager, Homelessness/Addictions, Social Services Division,
City of Peterborough (4:05 p.m.)
Susan Bacque, Manager of Housing, City of Peterborough (4:05 p.m.)
Linda Mitchelson, Manager, Social Services Division, City of Peterborough
Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk, City of Peterborough
Mike Gannon, Employment Services Program Manager, City of Peterborough
(4:05 p.m.)


Disclosure of Interest

There were no Disclosures of Interest.


Appointment of Chair and Vice-Chair

Mayor  Bennett  nominated  Councillor  Gerow  as  Chair,  and  Councillor  Gerow
respectfully declined.



Minutes Of Joint Services Steering Committee January 10, 2013 Sutherland Room City Hall Draft Minutes Not Approved



The  meeting  was  called  to  order  at  3:45  p.m.  by  Councillor  Gerow  in  the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Councillor Ron Gerow, County of Peterborough Councillor Andy Mitchell, County of Peterborough Councillor Jim Whelan, County of Peterborough Mayor Daryl Bennett, City of Peterborough Councillor Len Vass, City of Peterborough
Regrets: Warden J. Murray Jones, County of Peterborough Councillor Andrew Beamer, City of Peterborough Councillor Henry Clarke, City of Peterborough
Staff: John Butler, Director of Finance/Treasurer, County of Peterborough Brian Horton, Chief Administrative Officer, City of Peterborough Malcolm Hunt, Director of Planning and Development Services, City of Peterborough Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough Patricia Lester, City Solicitor and Director of Legal Services, City of Peterborough Dorothy Olver, Manager, Homelessness/Addictions, Social Services Division, City of Peterborough (4:05 p.m.) Susan Bacque, Manager of Housing, City of Peterborough (4:05 p.m.) Linda Mitchelson, Manager, Social Services Division, City of Peterborough Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk, City of Peterborough Mike Gannon, Employment Services Program Manager, City of Peterborough (4:05 p.m.)
Disclosure of Interest
There were no Disclosures of Interest.
Appointment of Chair and Vice-Chair
Mayor  Bennett  nominated  Councillor  Gerow  as  Chair,  and  Councillor  Gerow respectfully declined.
