Minutes of Joint Services
Steering Committee
February 13, 2014
Council Chambers
City Hall
Draft Minutes Not Approved








The  meeting  was  called  to  order  at  3:47  p.m.  by  the  City  Clerk  in  the  Council
Chambers, City Hall.

Present:
Warden J. Murray Jones, County of Peterborough
Councillor Ron Gerow, County of Peterborough
Councillor Andy Mitchell, County of Peterborough
Councillor Jim Whelan, County of Peterborough, Vice Chair
Mayor Daryl Bennett, City of Peterborough
Councillor Andrew Beamer, City of Peterborough, Chair
Councillor Henry Clarke, City of Peterborough
Councillor Len Vass, City of Peterborough


Staff:
Gary King, Chief Administrative Officer, County of Peterborough
John Butler, Director of Finance/Treasurer, County of Peterborough
Brian Horton, Chief Administrative Officer, City of Peterborough
Malcolm Hunt, Director of Planning and Development Services, City of
Peterborough
Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough
Sandra Clancy, Director of Corporate Services, City of Peterborough
Patricia Lester, City Solicitor and Director of Legal Services, City of Peterborough
Dorothy Olver, Program Manager, Homelessness/Addictions, Social Services
Division, City of Peterborough
Susan Bacque, Manager of Housing, City of Peterborough
Linda Mitchelson, Manager, Social Services Division, City of Peterborough
Janice Hoskins, Court Services Manager, POA, City of Peterborough
Rebecca Morgan Quin, Housing Program Officer, City of Peterborough
John Kennedy, City Clerk, City of Peterborough


Appointment of Chair and Vice-Chair

Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor Vass

That  Councillor  Beamer  be  appointed  as  Chair  of  the  Joint  Services
Steering Committee for 2014.

“CARRIED”





Joint Services Steering Committee

Meeting of Thursday, February 13, 2014

Page 2






Councillor Beamer assumed the chair.

Moved by Councillor Gerow, seconded by Warden Jones

That  Councillor  Whelan  be  appointed  as  Vice  Chair  of  the  Joint  Services
Steering Committee for 2014.

“CARRIED”


Minutes of the Meeting of October 10, 2013

Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Mayor Bennett

That the minutes of the meeting of October 10, 2013 be approved.

"CARRIED"


Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest

Councillor Mitchell declared an interest in agenda Item 5 (Report CSSSJSSC14-
001) as he is employed by Trent University.


Minutes for Information

Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor Whelan

That  the  AHAC  (Affordable  Housing  Action  Committee)  minutes  of
September  12,  October  10,  November  14  and  December  12,  2013  be received for information.
"CARRIED"


Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of Thursday, February 13, 2014
Page 3

Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough Report CSSSJSSC14-001 Peterborough Seniors Planning Table
Due to his previously declared interest Councillor Mitchell left the room at 3:53 p.m. and returned at 4:11 p.m.
Chris Kawalec, Community Social Plan Co-ordinator, City of Peterborough and Mark Skinner Associate Professor, Geography and Director of the Trent Centre for Aging and Society provided background on Report CSSSJSSC14-001.
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Mayor Bennett
That the Joint Services Steering Committee endorse the recommendations outlined in Report CSSSJSSC14-001 dated February 13, 2014, of the Director of Community Services, as follows:
a)
That Report CSSSJSSC14-001, an update on the Peterborough Seniors Planning Table be received for information;
That a presentation from Mark Skinner, PhD, Associate Professor, Geography and Director of the Trent Centre for Aging and Society be received for information; and
That the process of applying for membership to the World Health Organization Global Network of Age-Friendly Cities and Communities, and associated requirements to develop a 3-year Age Friendly Plan, be approved, including letters of endorsement from the Mayor, Warden, and City and County CAO’s.
b)
c)
“CARRIED”


Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of Thursday, February 13, 2014
Page 4

Director of Planning and Development Services, City of Peterborough Report PLHDJSSC14-001 Municipal Rent Supplement Program
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Warden Jones
That Joint Services Steering Committee endorses the recommendation outlined in Report PLHDJSSC14-001 dated February 13, 2014, of the Director of Planning and Development Services, as follows:
That a rent supplement program as outlined in Appendix A, for low-income renters in the City and County be approved.
Appendix A outlines in detail the following two program streams:
1.
Housing Choice Rent Supplement for low-income households (5 years)

2.
Housing Choice for Youth for young people transitioning from the Youth Emergency Shelter (YES) (First Pilot Project - 3 years)
“CARRIED”
Director of Community Services, City of Peterborough Report CSSSJSSC14-002 Homelessness Programs and Funding Update
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Councillor Vass
That Joint Services endorse the recommendations outlined in Report CSSSJSSC14-002 dated February 13, 2014, of the Director of Community Services, as follows:
a)
That the distribution of the provincial Community Homelessness Prevention Initiative (CHPI) and municipal homelessness funding as outlined in Chart 1 be received;
That the funding model for the purchase of emergency shelter services be changed to a base operational funding model effective April 1, 2014;
b)


Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of Thursday, February 13, 2014
Page 5

c)
That the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign Service Agreements with Brock Mission and Youth Emergency Shelter-Peterborough for the provision of emergency shelter services without completing a bid solicitation process as permitted in Section 35(3)(vi) of the City’s Purchasing By-law.
“CARRIED”
Gary King, Chief Administrative officer, County of Peterborough Verbal Update Community Paramedicine Update
Moved by Mayor Bennett, seconded by Councillor Gerow
That the verbal report on Community Paramedicine be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services and Linda Mitchelson, Manager, Social Services Division, City of Peterborough commented on the Healthy Kids Community Challenge.
Recess - Open Session
Moved by Mayor Bennett
That Committee recess open session in the Council Chambers at 4:43 p.m.
”CARRIED”
Reconvene – Open Session
Moved by Councillor Whelan, Seconded by Mayor Bennett
That Committee reconvene open session in the General Committee Room.
”CARRIED”


Joint Services Steering Committee
Meeting of Thursday, February 13, 2014
Page 6

Resolution to Meet in Closed Session
Moved by Councillor Clarke, seconded by Mayor Bennett
That Committee move into Closed Session at 4:47 p.m., to discuss one item under Section 239(2)(a) The security of the property of the municipality or local board.
“CARRIED”
Reconvene - Open Session
Moved by Councillor Whelan, seconded by Mayor Bennett
That Committee reconvene in open session in the General Committee Room at 5:40 p.m.
”CARRIED”
Next Meeting
The Chair mentioned that next regular meeting is scheduled for June 12, 2014.
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Gerow, seconded by Mayor Bennett
That the Joint Services Steering Committee adjourn at 5:41 p.m.
"CARRIED"

John Kennedy City Clerk

Councillor Beamer Chair

