Museum & Archives Advisory
Committee
City of Peterborough
March 6, 2014
Draft Minutes Not Approved


Minutes of a Meeting of Museum & Archives Advisory Committee Held
on March 6, 2014 at Fine Annex, Museum





The meeting of Museum & Archives Advisory Committee was called to order at 5:05 p.m. by Nancy Jackson, Chair in the Fine Annex, Peterborough Museum & Archives.
Present: Nancy Jackson, Chair Linda Lumsden Councillor Pappas Morgan Tamplin Gayle McIntyre Janice Millard Ann Sullivan Karen Carter-Edwards (arrived at 5:43 p.m.) Dave Smith
Staff: Susan Neale, Museum Director, Peterborough Museum & Archives Jon Oldham, Programming Assistant Faryn Stanley, Education Officer Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – January 9, 2014
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the minutes of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee meeting held on January 9, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Museum & Archives Advisory Committee
Meeting of March 6, 2014
Page 2
Museum Director Report MAAC14-003 Peterborough Museum & Archives: “In the Spotlight”
Moved by Dave Smith
That the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report MAAC14-003, dated March 6, 2014, of the Museum Director, as follows:
That the presentation by the Education Officer and the Programming Assistant, Peterborough Museum & Archives, be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Museum Director Report MAAC14-004 Peterborough Museum & Archives: Renewal Project Update
Moved by Morgan Tamplin
That the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report MAAC14-004, dated March 6, 2014, of the Museum Director, as follows:
That the presentation by the Museum Director, City of Peterborough, be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Linda Lumsden
That the MAAC Chair send a letter of congratulations and appreciation to the Museum staff and volunteers for their work during the collection movement phase of the Museum Renewal project.
“CARRIED”
Museum & Archives Advisory Committee
Meeting of March 6, 2014
Page 3
Other Business
Susan Neale, Museum Director, provided Committee with a verbal update on the On-Line Gift Shop.
Moved by Gayle McIntyre
That the verbal update provided by the Museum Director be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for April 10, 2014.
Adjournment
Moved by Ann Sullivan
That this meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:41 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Nancy Jackson Chair
