




Museum & Archives Advisory
Committee
City of Peterborough
June 12, 2014
Draft Minutes Not Approved


Minutes of a Meeting of Museum & Archives Advisory Committee Held
on June 12, 2014 in the Fleming Annex, Museum.

The meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee was called to order at 5:10 p.m. by Nancy Jackson, Chair, in the Fleming Annex, Peterborough Museum & Archives.
Present: Janice Millard Nancy Jackson, Chair Linda Lumsden Morgan Tamplin Gayle McIntyre Karen Carter-Edwards Ann Sullivan Dave Smith
Regrets: Councillor Pappas
Staff: Susan Neale, Museum Director Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – May 8, 2014
Moved by Gayle McIntyre
That the minutes of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee meeting held on May 8, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”


Museum & Archives Advisory Committee
Meeting of June 12, 2014
Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Museum Director Report MAAC14-010 Peterborough Museum & Archives: Renewal Project Update
The Committee received a tour of the construction area.  Committee members indicated their pleasure with the work that has been completed to date.
Moved by David Smith
That the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report MAAC14-010 dated June 12, 2014, of the Museum Director, as follows:
That the presentation by the Museum Director, City of Peterborough, be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Linda Lumsden
That Museum staff be commended for their tireless commitment and effort in providing programs to our residents during the disruption of the complex construction project.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
There were no items of Other Business.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for October 2, 2014.

Museum & Archives Advisory Committee
Meeting of June 12, 2014
Page 3
Adjournment
Moved by David Smith
That this meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:09 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Nancy Jackson Chair

