






Peterborough Architectural
Conservation Advisory Committee
Minutes
City of Peterborough
April 3, 2014
Draft Minutes Not Approved







Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Held on April 3, 2014 in the Sutherland Room,
City Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Councillor Pappas Stewart Hamilton, Chair Ivan Bateman Catherine Dibben Paul Lumsden Bronson Smith
Regrets: Martin Parker Kaes Vanderkooy
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kathryn McLeod, Heritage Researcher Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Election of Officers
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That Paul Lumsden be appointed as Vice Chair of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee for 2014.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 3, 2014
Page 2
Minutes – March 6, 2014
Moved by Catherine Dibben
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on March 6, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Consent Agenda
No items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC14-016 Fleming Place Presentation
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC14-016, dated April 3, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation by Paul Bennett of Ashburnham Realty on the proposed development at the Fleming Place site be received.
At the meeting of April 3, 2014, the following was added:
That the PACAC Chair provide comments to the Planning Department outlining the concerns discussed with regard to rezoning application Z1403 for 417 Aylmer St. N., 234-242 Hunter St. W., and Part of 11 Fleming Place.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 3, 2014
Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC14-014 Review of the Request for Proposal for the Former YMCA
Moved by Ivan Bateman
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC14-014, dated April 3, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the RFP submitted in 2008 for the conveyance of the YMCA be received for information.
That all new development proposals received by the City of Peterborough be circulated to PACAC for approval, notwithstanding the existing approval.
That the PACAC Chair write a letter to the current owner of the former Peterborough YMCA building reminding that the PACAC Committee would need to review and approve any new design proposals.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Pappas left the meeting at 8:40 p.m.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC14-013 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC14-013, dated April 3, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the monthly activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for March 2014 be received for information.
“CARRIED”

b)
c)

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 3, 2014
Page 4

Other Business
PACAC Fundraising Mugs
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That staff move forward with the order of 180 porcelain mugs, at a cost of $2.98 per mug.
“CARRIED”
Next Meeting – The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for May 1, 2014.
Adjournment
Moved by Ivan Bateman
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 9:06 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Stewart Hamilton Chair

