

Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
May 7, 2015
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Held on May 7, 2015 in the Sutherland Room,
City Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:01 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Stewart Hamilton, Chair Kaes Vanderkooy Paul Lumsden Jacqueline Irwin Steve Guerin Ivan Bateman
Regrets: Councillor Pappas Martin Parker Catherine Dibben
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – April 2, 2015
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on April 2, 2015 be approved.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of May 7, 2015
Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
Jacqueline Irwin declared an Interest in Report PACAC51-016 – Draft Heritage Conservation District Study presentation, as she lives within the study area.
Consent Agenda
No items were considered as part of the Consent Agenda.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC15-016 Draft Heritage Conservation District Study Presentation
Due to her declared Interest, Jacqueline Irwin did not discuss or vote on the matter.
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC15-016, dated May 7, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the presentation by Lindsay Reid of ERA Architects on the final draft of the Heritage Conservation District Study be receive, and;
That the study be endorsed by the Committee, and;
Staff be requested to forward the endorsement to Council for its consideration.
b)
c)
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of May 7, 2015
Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC15-017 Update on PACAC 40th Anniversary Activities
Moved by Ivan Bateman
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC15-017, dated May 7, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities being planned for PACAC’s 40th Anniversary be received for discussion.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC15-015 Heritage Preservation Officer Report
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC15-015, dated May 7, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for the month of April 2015 be received for information.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of May 7, 2015
Page 4
Other Business
A discussion began regarding an identifiable individual, so Committee moved into Closed Session.
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That the Committee enter into Closed Session at 8:24 p.m. to discuss a matter under s.239 (2)(b) of the Municipal Act, 2001, “personal matters about an identifiable individual, including municipal or local board employees.”
“CARRIED”
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That Committee adjourn Closed Session at 8:29 p.m.
“CARRIED”
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for June 4, 2015.
Adjournment
Moved by Steve Guerin
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 8:35 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Stewart Hamilton, Chair
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
