

Planning Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
July 21, 2014
Draft Minutes Not Approved





Minutes of a Meeting of Planning Committee Held on July 21, 2014 in
the Council Chambers, City Hall.

Planning Committee was called to order at 6:50 p.m. in the Council Chambers.
Roll Call: Councillor Beamer Councillor Clarke Councillor Doris Councillor Hall, Chair Councillor Juby Councillor McWilliams Councillor Pappas Councillor Parnell Councillor Riel Councillor Vass Mayor Bennett
Confirmation of Minutes – June 16, 2014
Moved by Councillor Juby
That the minutes of the meeting of Planning Committee held on June 16, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
Councillor McWilliams declared a conflict with report PLPD14-039 as he is the owner of a competing business.




Planning Committee Minutes

July 21, 2014
Page 2
Public Meeting Under The Planning Act Manager, Planning Division Report PLPD14-039 900 Water Street and Part of Hilliard Street Zoning By-law Amendment
Brad Appleby, Planner, Subdivision Control and Special Projects, provided an overview of Report PLPD14-039.
No one spoke in opposition to, or in favour of the application.
Jennifer Anstett, Marking Company President for U-Haul, the applicant, spoke to the application.
Due to his previously declared conflict Councillor McWilliams did not discuss or vote on this matter.
Moved by Councillor Juby
That Council approve the recommendations outlined in Report PLPD14-039 dated July 21, 2014, of the Manager, Planning Division, as follows:
a)
That the application to amend the Zoning By-Law be approved in accordance with Exhibit ‘C’ attached to Report PLPD14-039 as follows:
That the SP. 174 zoning of the subject lands be amended to limit the permitted uses to those Light Industrial uses permitted in the M1.1 Zoning District and a ‘rental establishment’;
ii)
That Schedule ‘X’ to Section 214 be repealed.
b)
That the ‘H’ – Holding Symbol be removed from the property subject to the following:
i)
i)
Site Plan Approval being granted which will include: •
Recommendations as contained in the Environmental Review (D.M. Wills, 2014) be incorporated in the approved Site Plan, subject to approval of Otonabee Conservation;
•
Detailed Stormwater Management design be incorporated in the approved Site Plan, subject to approval of the City’s Utility Services Department and Otonabee Conservation;


Planning Committee Minutes

July 21, 2014
Page 3
•
Completion of a Stage 1 – Stage 2 Archaeological Assessment for the property.
ii)
The owner enter into a licensing agreement for use of the City Road Allowance (Part of Hilliard Street) adjacent to the property at 900 Water St and that the agreement preserve the right of members of the public to cross this road allowance property.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Councillor Clarke issued an invitation to attend the commemoration of the First and Second World Wars, at the Peterborough Musicfest on July 26, 2014.
Adjournment
Moved by Mayor Bennett
That this meeting of Planning Committee adjourn at 7:18 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Natalie Garnett Deputy City Clerk
Councillor Hall Chair
