Waste Management Committee

Minutes

City of Peterborough

March 14, 2016

Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Waste Management Committee held on
March 14, 2016, in the Doris Room, City Hall

The meeting of the Waste Management Committee was called to order at 2:04 p.m. in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Councillor Nelson, County of Peterborough Councillor Senis, County of Peterborough Councillor Bonneau, County of Peterborough Councillor Pappas, City of Peterborough, Chair Councillor Baldwin, City of Peterborough
Regrets: Councillor Vassiliadis, City of Peterborough
Staff: Tara Stephen, Manager, Waste Management, County of Peterborough Wayne Jackson, Director of Utility Services, City of Peterborough Virginia Swinson, Waste Diversion Section Manager, City of Peterborough Don Briand, Waste Management Site Operator, Landfill, City of Peterborough Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator, City of Peterborough
Minutes – January 25, 2016
Moved by Councillor Bonneau
That the minutes of the Waste Management Committee meeting held on January 25, 2016, be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.

Waste Management Committee
Meeting of March 14, 2016
Page 2

Consent Agenda
No items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
Manager, Waste Management, County of Peterborough City Waste Division Section Manager, City of Peterborough Report WMC16-005 Alternative Options for Management of Polystyrene and Durable Plastics
Moved by Councillor Bonneau
That the Waste Management Committee approve the recommendation as outlined in Report WMC16-005 dated March 14, 2016, of the Manager, Waste Management and City Waste Division Section Manager as follows:
That Report WMC16-005 providing alternative options for the management of Polystyrene and durable plastics be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
The Committee discussed Bill 131 and the potential effects it may have on the City/County.
Councillor Baldwin commended staff for the good job they do at the Waste Management Facility.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for May 9, 2016.
Waste Management Committee
Meeting of March 14, 2016
Page 3

Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Baldwin
That this meeting of Waste Management Committee adjourn at 2:20 p.m.
“CARRIED”
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Councillor Pappas Chair
