Waste Management Committee

Minutes

City of Peterborough

May 9, 2016

Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Waste Management Committee held on
May 9, 2016, in the Doris Room, City Hall

The meeting of the Waste Management Committee was called to order at 2:00 p.m. in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Councillor Nelson, County of Peterborough Councillor Senis, County of Peterborough Councillor Baldwin, City of Peterborough Councillor Pappas, City of Peterborough, Chair Councillor Vassiliadis, City of Peterborough
Regrets: Councillor Bonneau, County of Peterborough
Staff: Chris Bradley, Director of Public Works, County of Peterborough Tara Stephen, Manager, Waste Management, County of Peterborough Wayne Jackson, Director of Utility Services, City of Peterborough Virginia Swinson, Waste Diversion Section Manager, City of Peterborough Don Briand, Waste Management Site Operator, Landfill, City of Peterborough Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator, City of Peterborough
Minutes – March 14, 2016
Moved by Councillor Nelson
That the minutes of the Waste Management Committee meeting held on March 14, 2016, be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.
Waste Management Committee
Meeting of May 9, 2016
Page 2

Consent Agenda
No items were approved as part of the Consent Agenda.
Director of Utility Services, City of Peterborough Report WMC16-006 Landfill Inspection – Ministry of Environment and Climate Change
Moved by Councillor Baldwin
That the Waste Management Committee endorse the recommendation as outlined in Report WMC16-006 dated May 9, 2016, of the Director of Utility Services as follows:
That Report WMC16-006 informing the Waste Management Committee of the MOECC inspection of the PCCWMF be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Director of Utility Services, City of Peterborough Report WMC16-007 Establishing a Reuse Building at Peterborough County-City Waste Management Facility
Moved by Councillor Senis
That the Waste Management Committee endorse the recommendations as outlined in Report WMC16-007 dated May 9, 2016, of the Director of Utility Services as follows:
a)
That City staff request an amendment to the PCCWMF Environmental Compliance Approval (ECA) to allow for the establishment of a Reuse Building at the public drop-off platform; and
That upon receiving the necessary ECA amendment from the Ministry of Environment and Climate Change (MOECC), staff proceed with the implementation of a Reuse Building as described in Report WMC16-007.
b)
“CARRIED”
Waste Management Committee
Meeting of May 9, 2016
Page 3

Director of Utility Services, City of Peterborough Report WMC16-008 Landfill Inspection – Technical Standards and Safety Authority
Moved by Councillor Vassiliadis
That the Waste Management Committee endorse the recommendation as outlined in Report WMC16-008 dated May 9, 2016, of the Director of Utility Services as follows:
That Report WMC-16-008 informing the Waste Management Committee of the TSSA inspection of the PCCWMF be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
There were no items of Other Business.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for June 20, 2016.
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Vassiliadis
That this meeting of Waste Management Committee adjourn at 2:19 p.m.
“CARRIED”
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Councillor Pappas Chair
