
Present:














Regrets:

Staff:









Carried












Joint Services Steering Committee Minutes

February 14, 2019

Councillor Baldwin, City of Peterborough
Councillor Beamer, City of Peterborough
Councillor Pappas, City of Peterborough
Councillor Riel, City of Peterborough
Councillor McFadden, County of Peterborough
Councillor Mitchell, County of Peterborough
Warden Jones, County of Peterborough

Councillor Martin, County of Peterborough

Ellen Armstrong, Manager of Social Services
Sandra Clancy, Chief Administrative Officer, City of Peterborough
Trena DeBruijn, Treasurer, County of Peterborough
John Kennedy, Clerk, City of Peterborough
Randy Mellow, Chief, Peterborough County/City Paramedics
Allan Seabrooke, Commissioner of Community Services, City of
Peterborough
Troy Speck, Chief Administrative Office, County of Peterborough




Roll Call
The Joint Services Steering Committee was called to order by John Kennedy, City Clerk at 3:45 p.m. in the Council Chambers, City Hall.
Election of Officers
The Clerk called for nominations for the Chair position.
Moved by Councillor McFadden Seconded by Councillor Pappas
That Warden Jones be appointed as Chair of the Joint Services Steering Committee for 2019.
Warden Jones assumed the Chair called for nominations for the position of Vice Chair.


Joint Services Steering Committee minutes of February 14, 2019
Moved by Councillor Pappas Seconded by Councillor Baldwin
That Councillor Riel be appointed Vice Chair of the Joint Services Steering Committee for 2019.
That the Age-friendly Peterborough Advisory Committee minutes of June 7, 2018 and October 10, 2018 be received for information.
That the Joint Services Steering Committee meeting minutes of October 4, 2018 and January 8, 2019 be approved.
Confirmation of Minutes
Moved by Councillor Mitchell Seconded by Councillor McFadden
Minutes for Information
Moved by Councillor Beamer Seconded by Councillor Riel
Carried
Disclosure of Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Carried
Carried
Reports
a)
b)
Carried


Ministry of Health & Long Term Care Land Ambulance Service Review 2018 and Presentation
Moved by Councillor Pappas Seconded by Councillor Riel
That the Ministry of Health & Long Term Care Land Ambulance Service Review 2018 and Presentation be received for information; and,
That staff convene a meeting with regional MPP’s, City, County and Peterborough Regional Health Centre staff to discuss the ambulance service and off-load time challenges.

Joint Services Steering Committee minutes of February 14, 2019
Principles for Agreement Between City and County of Peterborough for Consolidated Municipal Service and Joint Services Steering Committee
Report CAOJSSC19-001
Moved by Councillor Riel Seconded by Councillor Pappas
That Joint Services Steering Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report CAOJSSC19-001, dated February 14, 2019, of the Chief Administrative Officers from the City and County of Peterborough, as follows:
That Joint Services Steering Committee direct staff to consider the points included on page 3 of Report CAOJSSC19-001 when drafting an agreement between the City and County of Peterborough for consolidated municipal services that will begin January 1, 2020, which will come back to a future Joint Services Steering Committee meeting prior to being submitted to City and County Councils.
Carried
Other Business
Verbal Update on 2019 Budget
Ms. Armstrong, Manager of Social Services, provided an update on the 2019 budget.
Next Meeting - June 13, 2019
The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for June 13, 2019.
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Pappas Seconded by Councillor Mitchell
That this meeting adjourn at 4:34 p.m.
Carried
John Kennedy, City Clerk
Warden Jones, Chair





