

Accessibility Advisory Committee
Built Environment Sub-Committee
February 18, 2020
Draft minutes not approved

A meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) Built Environment Sub-
committee was called to order at 3:35 p.m. by Sioux Lily in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Sioux Lily (Chair) Neil Campbell Leanne Carpenter Janet Dawson Andrea Dodsworth Amanda Motyer Allison Seiderer (arrived late) Leslie Yee
Regrets: Jeff Chalmers
Staff: Mark Buffone, Accessibility and Compliance Coordinator Sarah Mackillican, Communication Coordinator Susan Morrison, Permit Technician/Plans Examiner Keith Payne, Urban Design Technologist Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest None declared. Approval of Agenda Moved by Janet Dawson
That the agenda for the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting dated January 21, 2020 be approved.
“Carried”
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee February 18, 2020 Approval of Previous Minutes Moved by Amanda Motyer

Page 2
That the minutes for the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting held on January 21, 2020 be approved.
“Carried”
Allison Seiderer entered meeting, 4:00 p.m. Accessibility Reviews a) Official Plan and Zoning By-law Amendment for 1045-1063 Armour Road and 941, 949, and 957 Ashdale Crescent.
The committee supports the overall shift to increased densification to existing residential zones per the draft Official Plan, but has made the following recommendations:
1.  Make at least one of the townhouse units accessible.
2.  Accessible parking spaces should be relocated to more convenient locations.
3.  There is a lot of extra road space: noted that if townhouse units weren’t designed
back-to-back, less road space would be required
4.  The stairs leading to the proposed Park Space are a barrier. Provide zero step
access to park spaces serving the development.
5.  Outdoor Amenity Spaces: The Committee noted an overall lack of quality
greenspace/outdoor amenity spaces, and the remoteness of the marked park spaces. The Committee made several recommendations to resolve this:
a)  That the City require a clearly articulated accessible greenspace/outdoor
amenity space in any agreements with the developer
b)  The road between Block 7/10 and Block 8/9 could be removed, leaving a
large, centrally-located area that could be shared outdoor amenity space/green space. Additional visitor parking could be included along the east and west sides of this space.
6.  Any playground equipment in proposed Tot Lot, Park Space should meet
applicable CSA standards, be accessible by walkway connections and include accessible features such as accessible ground surfacing, accessible benches and shade cover.
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee February 18, 2020
Page 3 7.  Rooftop greenspace would have limitations regarding accessibility and should not

be included in outdoor amenity space calculations.
8.  Walkways should be extended along frontages of all units (missing from Blocks 9,
10, 12-15 and partially missing from Blocks 6, 7, 8, and 11)
9.  The committee noted a lack of commercial amenities in this neighbourhood.
Given the densification proposed to this area, they expressed support for rezoning the lands to permit future commercial amenities.
10.  Adequate lighting is essential in parking lots, along all walkways and in parks.
11.  Include a transit stop, potentially entering the development east from Armour
Road at the northwest intersection in front of Block 11 and Block 10.
b) Official Plan and Zoning By-law Amendment for 850 Lansdowne Street West
Keith Payne left meeting, 4:20 p.m.
1.  Require tactile attention indicators along edge of concrete walkway in front of
building. Curb stops are also recommended for these parking spaces.
2.  Provide additional accessible parking spaces. Optimal location is beside current
barrier-free space at front of building.
3.  Clear path of travel along walkway at front of building is obstructed by existing
columns that are not shown on the site plan.
4.  Gas meter on the east side of the building should be protected by bollards.
Potential impact of these on the width of driveway between building an angled parking spaces adjacent to the gas meter.
5.  The existing picnic table amenity space adjacent to concrete walkway on the
north side of building has three existing steps, limiting access. Provide zero step access to picnic table area.
6.  Realign the Whiteman Avenue driveway further north to avoid conflicts with the
loading space when occupied during deliveries. Relocate landscaping to suit. Ensure drive aisle surrounding east and north side of the building accommodates larger vehicles navigating to Whiteman Avenue.
7.  Address conflict with first angled parking space near the Lansdowne driveway entrance: realign curb and narrow the driveway entrance to protect this space.
8.  Garbage disposal area should be clearly identified on Site Plan.
9.  Create a walkway that connects the building entrance to the existing sidewalk on
Lansdowne Street West.
Appendix A
Page 4

Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee February 18, 2020 Other business No other business. Next meeting The next meeting will be held on Tuesday, March 17, 2020 from 3:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. in the Doris Room, City Hall. Adjournment Moved by Amanda Motyer That the meeting of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee adjourn at 4:35 p.m.
“Carried”
Appendix A
