







Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes


Date:

Present

April 4, 2018

Councillor Riel, Chair
Andrea Walsh
Ben McColl
Don Parnell
Amanda Motyer
Lynda Staples
Erica Richmond

Warren Northcott
Thomas Street

Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Mark Buffone, Accessibility Compliance Coordinator
Sadie Norrad, Accessibility and Communication Specialist
Ken Hetherington, Manager, Planning
Rob Anderson, Recreation Coordinator
Phil Jacobs, Supervisor, Parks & Forestry

Regrets

Staff Present

Call to Order

That the meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee was called to order at 4:00 p.m. by Councillor Riel, in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Confirmation of Minutes
Moved by Don Parnell
That the minutes of Accessibility Advisory Committee held on March 7, 2018 be approved.
Carried
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no Disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.


Accessibility Advisory Committee minutes of April 4, 2018
Moved by Lynda Staples
That the Rules of Order be suspended to allow the members of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee to speak.
Carried
New Play Structure on McNamara Road
Report AAC18-014
Brian Basterfield, Basterfield & Associates, provided a presentation on Report AAC18- 014.
Moved by Amanda Motyer
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) approve the recommendations outlined in Report AAC18-014 dated April 4, 2018 of the Accessibility and Communication Specialist as follows:
a)   That the presentation by Basterfield and Associates be received for
information; and
b)   That the AAC provide comments on and endorse the proposed park design
elements.
Carried
James Stevenson Park Play Structure
Report AAC18-015
Moved by Erica Richmond
received for information; and
of James Stevenson Park.
Carried
Other Business
Next Meeting - May 2, 2018
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) approve the recommendations outlined in Report AAC18-015 dated April 4, 2018 of the Accessibility and Communication Specialist as follows:
a)   That the presentation from Phil Jacobs, Supervisor Parks and Forestry be
b)  That the AAC provide comments on and endorse the proposed development
The Chair indicated that the next Committee meeting will be held on May 2, 2018.

Accessibility Advisory Committee minutes of April 4, 2018
That this meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee adjourn at 4:52 p.m.
Adjournment
Moved by Don Parnell
Carried
Kendra Sedgwick, Coordinator
Councillor Riel, Chair



