Appendix A

Accessibility Advisory Committee
Built Environment Sub-Committee
June 15, 2021
A meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) Built Environment Sub-
committee was called to order at 3:37 p.m. by Sioux Lily. This meeting was held electronically through Microsoft Teams.
Present: Sioux Lily (Chair) Leanne Carpenter Jeff Chalmers Leslie Yee
Regrets: Neil Campbell Amanda Motyer Allison Seiderer Janet Dawson (term suspended to September 2021) Andrea Dodsworth (term suspended to September 2021)
Staff: Mark Buffone, Accessibility Compliance Coordinator
Nicole Huculiak, Planner, Urban Design Sarah Mackillican, Communication Coordinator Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest None declared. Approval of Agenda Moved by Leanne Carpenter.
That the agenda for the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting dated June 15, 2021 be approved.
“Carried” Approval of Minutes
Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee June 15, 2021 Moved by Leslie Yee.

Page 2
That the minutes from the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting dated April 20, 2021 be approved.
“Carried” Accessibility Reviews a)  Site Plan Approval for 362 & 380 George St. N., SPC-996
The committee expressed strong support for the planned accessible entrance to the Speak Easy indicated in the South Elevation Site drawing.
The committee made the following recommendations:
1.  Install power door operators for all commercial properties at street level.
2.  Ensure that doorways to businesses are clearly demarked. For example, high- contrast paint on door trim could be used (with colours that are also acceptable based on Heritage parameters) as part of planned façade upgrades. Markings on glass surfaces may also be used to provide contrast between store front windows and doorways. The committee also referenced the use of strategically placed brightly coloured planters used at the Peterborough Public Library, as an alternative method to help define the building entrance vs. adjacent glazing, where space permits.
3.  Use high-contrast materials on all interior stairways and railings.
4.  Doors to residences should be easy to identify in contrast with the hallway wall
surfaces (e.g. use of high-contrast floor materials, trim and/or paint).
5.  The Committee noted an opportunity to create an accessible unit with the single ground-level residence at the back of the building, and encourages the developer to consider this as designs are finalized.
Other business Discussion regarding option of scheduling a meeting in August in case a number of site plans are registered during the summer months. The Committee tentatively agreed to meeting on Tuesday, August 24 at 3:30 p.m. if there are a documents for review. The Communication Coordinator will work with staff in Planning to confirm whether this meeting is needed in late July.
Leanne Carpenter inquired about sections of the sidewalk on Hunter Street West between George Street North and Aylmer Street being closed due to patios and changes to the downtown public space this summer. The Accessibility Compliance

Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee June 15, 2021 Coordinator confirmed that her concerns had been reported to a number of staff connected with this project, and a response could be expected this week. Next meeting The next meeting will be held on Tuesday, September 21, 2021 from 3:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. electronically through Microsoft Teams.
Page 3
A tentative meeting may be held on Tuesday, August 24 at 3:30 p.m. if required, electronically through Microsoft Teams. Adjournment Moved by Jeffrey Chalmers. That the meeting of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee adjourn at 4:28 p.m.
“Carried”
