

Accessibility Advisory Committee
Built Environment Sub-Committee
Tuesday, October 19, 2021

A meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) Built Environment Sub-
Committee was called to order at 3:35 p.m. by Sioux Lily Dickson. This meeting was held electronically through Microsoft Teams.
Present Leanne Carpenter Jeff Chalmers Sioux Lily Dickson Amanda Motyer Allison Seiderer Leslie Yee
Regrets Neil Campbell Andrea Dodsworth
Staff Brad Appleby, Planning, Subdivision Control and Special Projects Mark Buffone, Accessibility Compliance Coordinator Sarah Mackillican, Communication Coordinator
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest None declared. Approval of Agenda Moved by Amanda Motyer.
That the agenda for the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting dated October 19, 2021 be approved.
“Carried” Approval of Minutes Moved by Leslie Yee.
Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee October 19, 2021 That the minutes from the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting dated August 24, 2021 be approved.

Page 2
“Carried” Accessibility Reviews a)  Site Plan Approval for 884 Armour Road, SPC 294B
The committee made the following recommendations:
1.  The two accessible parking spaces facing Armour Road should be relocated
toensure they are serviced by a walkway and do not require people to navigate in the parking lot zone. It is unclear if these two spaces serve the two storey dwelling building or the mixed use building. Locate the spaces to suit. The committee indicated that due to the longer distance to access the commercial spaces as well as the higher risk for people with disabilities to navigate across the parking lot adjacent to a loading zone mean that the current location of these parking spaces is not optimal.
2.  The diagonal pedestrian path that crosses the parking lot and the L shaped
tactile attention indicator on the northwest side of the parking lot may be challenging for people with low vision to navigate. A straight path of travel from the Armour Road sidewalk, serving both the two storey dwelling building and the plaza would be preferable.
3.  Lighting should be incorporated into the centre island parking area.
4.  Permeable pavers can shift with weather changes, creating an uneven surface area. They are not ideal for use in accessible parking spaces. The committee strongly recommends avoiding use of permeable pavers at accessible parking spaces, where there is opportunity to provide them in other areas of the site. Where there are site constraints, the committee recommends only the accessible parking spaces are constructed in permeable pavers, not the access aisles beside the parking spaces. Asphalt access aisles would be preferred.
5.  At the southwest corner of the walkway of the new building, the drop curb needs
tactile attention indicators.
6.  Provide retaining walls, guards and railings along the walkways located at the
north and east side of the plaza building, as required.
7.  Provide vision strips for all storefront windows adjacent to storefront doors.
Terms of Reference: Review and discussion

Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee October 19, 2021 Page 3 The Committee reviewed the current Terms of Reference, which include a provision for review every three years. The Communication Coordinator will incorporate the suggestions for review and discussion at the next Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting. These changes will be brought to the Accessibility Advisory Committee for review, comment and approval in early 2022. Other business None. Next meeting The next meeting will be held on Tuesday, November 16, 2021 from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. electronically through Microsoft Teams. Adjournment Moved by Leslie Yee. That the meeting of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee adjourn at 4:35 p.m.
“Carried”
