






Staff

Chair

Carried


Waste Management Committee Minutes

City of Peterborough

May 7, 2018

Present

Councillor Beamer, City of Peterborough
Councillor Pappas, City of Peterborough
Councillor Vassiliadis, City of Peterborough, Chair
Councillor Senis, County of Peterborough
Councillor Nelson, County of Peterborough
Councillor Bonneau, County of Peterborough

Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Wayne Jackson, Commissioner of Infrastructure and Planning
Services
Don Briand, Waste Management Site Operator, Landfill, City of
Peterborough
Tara Stephen, Manager of Environmental Services, County of
Peterborough

The Waste Management Committee meeting was called to order at 2:00 p.m. by Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator, in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Call to Order
Election of Officers
The Committee Coordinator called for nominations for the Chair position.
Moved by Councillor Beamer
That Councillor Vassiliadis be appointed as Chair of the Waste Management Committee for 2018.
Councillor Vassiliadis assumed the Chair

Waste Management Committee Minutes of May 7, 2018
That Councillor Bonneau be appointed as Vice Chair of the Waste Management Committee for 2018.
Vice Chair
Moved by Councillor Nelson
Confirmation of Minutes
Moved by Councillor Pappas
Carried
Carried
That the minutes of the Waste Management Committee of November 6, 2018 be approved.
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.
Consent Agenda
No Items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
Reports and Communications
Update on the Leaf and Yard Waste Facility at the County/City Waste Management Facility Report WMC18-001
Moved by Councillor Bonneau
That the Waste Management Committee endorse the recommendations as outlined in Report WMC18-001 dated May 07, 2018 of the Commissioner of Infrastructure and Planning Services, as follows:
a)   That Report WMC18-001 describing the concept of an Organics Processing
Facility at the County/City Waste Management Facility be received for information; and
b)   That staff be requested to report further on this issue as the plans are
advanced.
Carried




Waste Management Committee Minutes of May 7, 2018
Update on the Landfill Gas Facility at the County/City Waste Management Facility Report WMC18-002
Moved by Councillor Beamer
That the Waste Management Committee endorse the recommendations as outlined in Report WMC18-002 dated May 07, 2018 of the Commissioner of Infrastructure and Planning Services, as follows:
a)   That Report WMC18-002 providing an update on the Landfill Gas Facility at
the County/City Waste Management Facility be received for information; and
b)   That staff be requested to report further on this issue as necessary.
That the meeting of Waste Management Committee adjourn at 2:24 p.m.
Carried
Other Business
There were no items of Other Business.
Next Meeting - June 18, 2018
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Pappas
Carried

Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Councillor Vassiliadis, Chair




