Accessibility Advisory Committee
City of Peterborough
October 4, 2017
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee held on
October 4, 2017 in the Doris Room.

The meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee was called to order at 4:00 p.m. by Councillor Riel, Chair in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Andrea Dodsworth Councillor Riel, Chair Don Parnell Erica Richmond Thomas Street Warren Northcott
Regrets: Andrea Walsh Amanda Motyer Ben McColl
Staff: Mark Buffone, Accessibility Compliance Coordinator Trish Reed, Accessibility and Communication Specialist Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Guests: Members of the County Accessibility Advisory Committee
Minutes – September 6, 2017
Moved by Warren Northcott
That the minutes of the Accessibility Advisory Committee held on September 6, 2017 be approved.
“CARRIED”


Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of October 4, 2017
Page 2

Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.
Moved by Thomas Street
That the Rules of Order be suspended to permit members from the County of Peterborough Accessibility Advisory Committee to speak.
“CARRIED”
Accessibility and Communication Specialist Report AAC17-054 Community Wellbeing Plan
Nancy Fisher, Senior Program Analyst, Social Services, provided a presentation to Report AAC17-054.
Moved by Erica Richmond
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) approve the recommendation outlined in Report AAC17-054 dated October 4, 2017, of the Accessibility and Communication Specialist as follows:
That the presentation on the Community Wellbeing Plan be received for information.
“CARRIED”

Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of October 4, 2017
Page 3

Accessibility and Communication Specialist Report AAC17-055 Housing Division and Social Services Update
Rebecca Morgan Quin, Manager of Housing Division, provided a presentation to Report AAC17-055.
Moved by Andrea Dodsworth
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) approve the recommendations outlined in Report AAC17-055 dated October 4, 2017 of the Accessibility and Communication Specialist as follows:
a)
b)
That the presentation by the Manager of the Housing Division and Manager of the Social Services Division be received for information;
That the 10-year Housing and Homelessness Plan Progress Report 2016 (Appendix A) be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Councillor Riel thanked the County Accessibility Advisory Committee for attending today’s meeting.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next Committee meeting will be held on November 1, 2017.
Adjournment
Moved by Don Parnell
That this meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee adjourn at 4:45 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of October 4, 2017
Page 4

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Councillor Riel, Chair
