


Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory
Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
December 10, 2014
Draft Minutes Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory
Committee Held on Wednesday, December 10, 2014 in the City Board
Room, City Hall.

The Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting was called to order by Gary Rabjohn, Chair at 5:30 p.m. in the Sutherland Room.
Present: Councillor Haacke Councillor Therrien Gary Rabjohn, Chair Rocky Caravaggio
Regrets: Gary Baldwin Randy Turner
Staff: Rob Anderson, Recreation Division Coordinator Mary Gallop, Manager of Facilities and Special Projects Phil Jacobs, Parks and Forestry Supervisor Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Confirmation of Minutes – September 16, 2014
Moved by Rocky Caravaggio
That the minutes of the meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee held on September 16, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Interest.
Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
December 16, 2014
Page 2
Consent Agenda
No items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
Item 4 was dealt with first, due to the members of the public in attendance.
Delegation – registered
Shawn Hughes made a delegation to Item 4, Report APRAC14-037, West End Splash Pad Process Update.
Heather Thompson made a delegation to Item 4, Report APRAC14-037, West End Splash Pad Process Update.
Manager, Facilities & Special Projects Report APRAC14-037 West End Splash Pad Process Update
Moved by Councillor Haacke
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC14-037 dated December 10, 2014, of the Manager, Facilities and Special Projects, as follows:
a)
That a presentation by the Manager of Facilities and Special Projects be received,
That Roper Park not be supported as the location of the west end splash pad,
That the Committee receive citizen delegations on this report; and
That a new location at Kinsmen Civic Centre be considered for the new splash pad and staff undertake community consultation to determine community interest in this location.
b)
c)
d)
“CARRIED”

Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
December 16, 2014
Page 3
Recreation Division Coordinator Report APRAC14-036 2014 Tollington Parks Endowment Disbursement
Moved by Councillor Therrien
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC14-036 dated December 10, 2014, of the Recreation Division Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That staff be directed to submit a request to The Tollington Parks Endowment Fund trustees seeking their support to allocate the 2014 disbursement of the Tollington Parks Endowment Fund, in the amount of $73,898, to enhance the development of an accessible splash pad in the City’s west end; and
b)
That upon confirmation of support from the Tollington Trustees, Staff be directed to prepare a report to Council recommending the 2014 disbursement of the Tollington Parks Endowment Fund be allocated to enhance the west end accessible splash pad project.
“CARRIED”
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Haacke
That this meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:29 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Gary Rabjohn Chair
