Arts, Culture & Heritage
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
September 10, 2015
Draft Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
held on September 10, 2015, in the Sutherland Room, City Hall

The meeting of the Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee was called to order at 7:02 p.m. by Dennis Carter-Edwards, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Andy Cragg Bill Kimball Bill Templeman Bruce Stonehouse Dennis Carter-Edwards Peer Christensen Councillor Pappas Councillor Parnell (7:15 p.m.)
Regrets: Dirk Verhulst
Staff: Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – June 11, 2015
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the minutes of the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee meeting held on June 11, 2015 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of pecuniary interest.
Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of September 10, 2015

Page 2
Consent Agenda
Moved by Andy Cragg
That item 5 be passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC15-024 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Moved by Andy Cragg
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC15-024, dated September 10, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for the months of May through September 2015 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC15-026 Update on the Crescent Street Environmental Assessment and Land-Use Study
Moved by Councillor Parnell
That the Arts Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee (ACHAC) approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC15-026 dated September 10, 2015, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator as follows:
That an update on the Crescent Street Environmental Assessment and Land-Use and Urban Design Study, completed in preparation for the extension of the Otonabee River Trail and potential redevelopment of the area, be received for information and discussion.
“CARRIED”
Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of September 10, 2015

Page 3
Moved by Peer Christensen
That the ACHAC Chair be directed to write a letter to Planning Staff requesting that an Urban Design Review Panel be created and include a representative from the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee as well as a City staff member from the Heritage Office.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC15-027 Public Art Sub-Committee Report
Moved by Councillor Parnell
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee (ACHAC) approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC15-027, dated September 10, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That a verbal update by Chair of the Public Art Sub-Committee of the ACHAC be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Vision 2015: 10-year strategic plan for recreation, parks, arenas and culture: The Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee has been invited to attend the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting at the Queen Alexander Centre from 5:30 - 7:30 p.m. on Tuesday, September 15th.  The Agenda will be circulated by email on September 11th.
Casino Update Ken Doherty informed the Committee that the province has selected a Casino operator for this area.  The City is still unaware of the next steps.  If there is any more information available, a report will be brought to the Committee at their October meeting.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated the next scheduled meeting is October 8, 2015.
Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of September 10, 2015

Page 4
Adjournment
Moved by Bruce Stonehouse
That this meeting of Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee adjourn at 8:34 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Dennis Carter-Edwards Chair

