Arts, Culture & Heritage

Advisory Committee Minutes

City of Peterborough

March 13, 2014

Draft Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Held on March 13, 2014, in the Sutherland Room, City Hall

The meeting of the Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee was called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Dennis Carter-Edwards, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Dennis Carter-Edwards, Chair Councillor Pappas (7:12 p.m.) Councillor Parnell Michael Bell Bruce Stonehouse Peer Christensen Dirk Verhulst
Regrets: Fynn Leitch Jyoti Sapra-Shannon
Staff: Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
The Chair welcomed new members Dirk Verhulst and Peer Christensen to the Committee.
Election of Officers
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That Fynn Leitch be appointed as Vice Chair of the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee for 2014.
“CARRIED”

Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of April 10, 2014

Page 2
Minutes – March 13, 2014
Moved by Bruce Stonehouse
That  the  minutes  of  the  Arts,  Culture  and  Heritage  Advisory  Committee  meeting held on March 13, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Bruce Stonehouse
That the Chair register as a delegation to speak to the Lily Lake Secondary Plan on behalf of the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee at the Planning Committee meeting on April 14, 2014.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no Disclosures of Interest.
Consent Agenda
No items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC14-019 Artisan Centre Peterborough Presentation

Moved by Peer Christensen
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC14-019, dated April 10, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation by Lorne Hamilton on the Artisan Centre Peterborough be received for information.
“CARRIED”

Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of April 10, 2014

Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC14-020 Waterfront Public Art Thunder Bay Presentation
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC14-020, dated April 10, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation by Bruce Stonehouse regarding the waterfront public art program in Thunder Bay Ontario be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Pappas left the meeting at 8:50 p.m.
Manager, Arts, Culture & Heritage Division Report ACHAC14-018 Municipal Cultural Plan Economic Indicators
Moved by Dirk Verhulst
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC14-018, dated April 10, 2014 of the Manager, Arts, Culture & Heritage Division, as follows:
That the report recommending specific economic indicators for measuring and evaluating Peterborough’s cultural resources and their contribution to economic development and quality of life be received for approval.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
There were no items of Other Business.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next scheduled meeting is May 8, 2014.

Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of April 10, 2014

Page 4
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Parnell
That this meeting of Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee adjourn at 9:14 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Dennis Carter-Edwards Chair
