Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes



January 16, 2018


Present

Regrets

Staff Present

Diane Sargent
Councillor Baldwin
Councillor Haacke
Ashley Vititoe
Dave Ronson
Glen Payne

Pete Dalliday

Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services
Rob Anderson, Recreation Division Coordinator
Sue Warrington, Arenas Division Manager
Phil Jacobs, Parks & Forestry Supervisor
Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator


Call to Order

The meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee was called to
order at 5:30 p.m. by Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator, in the Auditorium,
Community Services Office.

Election of Officers

Chair

The Committee Coordinator called for nominations for the position of Chair.

Moved by Councillor Haacke.

That Diane Sargent be appointed as Chair of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation
Advisory Committee for 2018.

Carried


Diane Sargent assumed the Chair, and called for nominations for the Vice Chair
position.





Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes

January 16, 2018

Page 2

Vice Chair

Moved by Councillor Baldwin

That Glen Payne be appointed as Vice Chair of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation
Advisory Committee for 2018.

Carried


Adoption of Minutes

Moved by Councillor Haacke

That the minutes of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee
meeting held on November 21, 2017 be approved.

Carried


Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest

There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.


Nevin Park Community Garden Update

Moved by Councillor Haacke

That the Rules of Order be suspended to allow questions from members of the
Public.

Carried







Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
January 16, 2018
Page 3
Moved by Councillor Baldwin
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC18-001 dated January 16, 2018, of the Recreation Division Coordinator, as follows:
a)  That the community garden which was established in Nevin Park in 2016 on
a two-year trial basis be continued; and
b)   That the Nevin Park Community Garden be expanded to a maximum of
twelve plots, and incorporate a pollinator garden.
Carried
Other Business
Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services updated the Committee on the 2020 Summer Games (55+ group), the Major Sport and Entertainment Study which is underway and the OP Review.
2017 Civic Award Selection Committee
Diane Sargent and Dave Ronson volunteered to sit on the Committee on behalf of APRAC.
Next Meeting - February 27, 2018
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for February 27, 2018.
Adjournment
Moved by Glen Payne
That this meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:08 p.m.
Carried
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator


Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
January 16, 2018
Page 4
Diane Sargent, Chair


