



Museum & Archives Advisory
Committee
City of Peterborough
January 19, 2017
Draft Minutes Not Approved


Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory
Committee held on January 19, 2016 in the Fine Annex, Museum.

The meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee was called to order at 5:02 p.m. by Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator, in the Fine Annex, Peterborough Museum & Archives.
Present: Ann Sullivan Jodi Aoki Karen Carter-Edwards Linda Lumsden Debbie Flieler Claude Dufresne Ken Brown Gayle McIntyre
Regrets: Councillor Riel
Staff: Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services Susan Neale, Museum Director Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
The Committee members introduced themselves and welcomed new members Claude Dufresne and Debbie Flieler to the Committee.

Museum & Archives Advisory Committee
Meeting of January 19, 2017
Page 2
Election of Officers – 2017
The Committee Coordinator called for nominations for the position of Chair.
Chair
Moved by Jodi Aoki
That Gayle McIntyre be appointed as Chair of the Museum and Archives Advisory Committee for 2017.
"CARRIED"
Gayle McIntyre assumed the Chair.
The Chair called for nominations for the position of Vice Chair.
Vice Chair
Moved by Jodi Aoki
That Ann Sullivan be appointed as Vice Chair of the Museum and Archives Advisory Committee for 2017.
"CARRIED"
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.

Museum & Archives Advisory Committee
Meeting of January 19, 2017
Page 3
Closed Session
Moved by Claude Dufresne
That Committee move into closed session on one item under Section 239(2)(c) A proposed or pending acquisition of disposition of land by the municipality or local board.
“CARRIED”
Committee entered closed session at 5:11 p.m.
Moved by Karen Carter-Edwards
That the Committee rise from Closed Session.
“CARRIED”
Open Session



The Committee reconvened in open session at 6:16 p.m.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for February 9, 2017.
Adjournment
Moved by Linda Lumsden
That this meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:20 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Gayle McIntyre, Chair
