

Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
October 1, 2015
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee held on October 1, 2015 in the Sutherland Room,
City Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Stewart Hamilton, Chair Kaes Vanderkooy Paul Lumsden Jacqueline Irwin Councillor Pappas Catherine Dibben Steve Guerin Martin Parker
Regrets: Ivan Bateman
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kathryn McLeod, Heritage Researcher Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – September 3, 2015
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on September 3, 2015 be approved.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of October 1, 2015
Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC15-031 YMCA Redevelopment Presentation
The Heritage Resources Coordinator informed the Committee that Atria Development Corporation was not attending the meeting to present their redevelopment plan for the former YMCA building.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC15-030 Places of Faith Presentation
Moved by Martin Parker
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC15-030, dated October 1, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation by the Heritage Resources Coordinator on the state of places of faith in Peterborough, be received.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Pappas left the meeting at 8:00 p.m.

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of October 1, 2015
Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC15-029 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC15-029, dated October 1, 2015 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for September 1, 2015 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Bethune Street Flood Diversion Project
Moved by Catherine Dibben
That a letter be sent from the Committee Chair reiterating the expectation that PAPAC be kept informed during the project and be suitably updated during milestones.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
The Committee held a discussion on the maintenance/refurbishment of the monument at Confederation Park.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for November 5, 2015.


Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of October 1, 2015
Page 4
Adjournment
Moved by Steve Guerin
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 9:31 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Stewart Hamilton, Chair
