

Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
April 7, 2016
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee held on April 7, 2016 in the Sutherland Room,
City Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Kaes Vanderkooy Paul Lumsden Jacqueline Irwin Catherine Dibben Martin Parker Stewart Hamilton, Chair Councillor Pappas Steve Guerin Ivan Bateman
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kathryn Matheson, Heritage Researcher Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk
Minutes – March 3, 2016
Moved by Martin Parker
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on March 3, 2016 be approved.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 7, 2016
Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Interest.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-013 Peterborough hiSTORIES Project Presentation
Elsbeth Cossar from Fleming College provided a presentation on the Peterborough hiSTORIES project.
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the PACAC approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC16-013, dated April 7, 2016 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation regarding the Peterborough hiSTORIES project from students in the Museum Management and Curatorship Program at Fleming College be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-014 265 Edinburgh Street
Doug Rose, the property owner, and Colin Darling, agent discussed the proposed project at 265 Edinburgh Street.
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That that the presentation from Mr. Rose and Mr. Darling in reference to 265 Edinburgh Street regarding the proposed zoning by-law amendment be received for information.
“CARRIED”


Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 7, 2016
Page 3
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That the PACAC recommend to the Planning Division that as part of the approval process for the application for the proposed rezoning at 265 Edinburgh Street, that a Heritage Impact Assessment by an independent consultant be undertaken at the developer’s expense.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-015 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Moved by Steve Guerin
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC16-015, dated April 7, 2016 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for March 2016 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Pappas left the meeting at 8:45 p.m.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-010 Working with Developers Presentation
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC16-010, dated April 7, 2016 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 7, 2016
Page 4
That the presentation from the Heritage Resources Coordinator on working with developers on the rehabilitation of historic buildings be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
The PACAC would like a presentation to be made to the Committee regarding the Bethune Street Project.
Discussion was held on the future of King George School.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for May 5, 2016.
Adjournment
Moved by Martin Parker
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 9:33 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Natalie Garnett Deputy City Clerk
Stewart Hamilton Chair
