

Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
June 2, 2016
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee held on June 2, 2016 in the Sutherland Room,
City Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Kaes Vanderkooy Paul Lumsden Jacqueline Irwin Catherine Dibben Stewart Hamilton, Chair Steve Guerin Ivan Bateman Councillor Pappas Martin Parker
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kathryn Matheson, Heritage Researcher Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – May 5, 2016
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on May 5, 2016 be approved.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of June 2, 2016
Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Interest.
Consent Agenda
No items were approved as part of the Consent Agenda.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-022 Major Development Applications Presentation
This item was deferred to a future meeting.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-023 Official Plan Review
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the PACAC approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC16-023, dated June 2, 2016 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the PACAC review the suggested changes and additions to the heritage section of the draft Official Plan as put forward by its sub-committee; and
b)
That before final submission is made to Planning Division, revisions be circulated to Committee for comment.

“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of June 2, 2016
Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-021 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Jacqueline Irwin declared an interest specifically with File: Z1612, as she lives in close proximity to the subject property.  She did not discuss or vote on the matter.
Moved by Steve Guerin
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC16-021, dated June 2, 2016 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for May, 2016 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC16-024 Martha Kidd Commemoration Expenditure Request
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC16-024, dated June 2, 2016 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the PACAC approve an expenditure of up to $1,000 for coordination services in support of the continued development of the Peterborough hiSTORIES project as a part of honouring and celebrating the legacy of Martha Kidd in Peterborough, and
b)
That the Martha Kidd sub-committee continue to explore the requirements of digitizing her collections.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Pappas left the meeting at 7:57 p.m.
Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of June 2, 2016
Page 4
Other Business
Committee was reminded about the National Trust Conference, which will take place in Hamilton from October 20-22, 2016.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for September 1, 2016.
Adjournment
Moved by Steve Guerin
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 8:20 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Stewart Hamilton Chair
