

Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
April 6, 2017
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee held on April 6, 2017 in the Doris Room, City
Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:02 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Ivan Bateman Jacqueline Irwin Councillor Pappas Stewart Hamilton, Chair Kaes Vanderkooy Steve Guerin
Regrets: Martin Parker James Bradburn Paul Lumsden
Staff: Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Division Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Briar Sutherland, Heritage Researcher Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – March 2, 2017
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on March 2, 2017 be approved.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 6, 2017
Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Consent Agenda
No items were approved as part of the Consent Agenda.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-020 Alteration Application 583 King Street
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC17-020, dated April 6, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the PACAC receive an application for an alteration to 583 King St., a property designated under the Ontario Heritage Act, and;
That the PACAC approve the application, based on the suitability of the proposed alterations, and;
b)
That a letter containing the decision be provided to the property owner.
c)
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-015 Committee of Adjustment Presentation
Report PACAC17-015 will be provided at a future Committee meeting.

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 6, 2017
Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-019 Cornerstone Award Nomination
Moved by Ivan Bateman
That the PACAC approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC17-019, dated April 6, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the PACAC nominate Paul Millard for an Ecclesiastical Insurance Cornerstone Award in the category of Adaptive Use/Rehabilitation for his adaptive reuse of Knox United Church.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-017 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC17-017, dated April 6, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for March, 2017 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Committee held a discussion around Councils decision to not designate 450 George Street and 144 Brock Street.
Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of April 6, 2017
Page 4
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for May 4, 2017.
Moved by Jacqueline Irwin
That staff provide a report at the May Committee meeting recommending that the PACAC cease using its current evaluation process for determining cultural heritage value or interest of a property and adopt Regulation 9/06 of the Ontario Heritage Act R.S.O. 1990 as the criteria for determining cultural heritage value or interest.
“CARRIED”
Adjournment
Moved by Steve Guerin
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 8:29 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Stewart Hamilton, Chair
