

Peterborough Architectural Conservation

Advisory Committee Minutes

City of Peterborough
September 10, 2013

Draft Minutes Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory  Committee  Held  on  September  10,  2013  in  the  Sutherland
Room, City Hall.

The  meeting  of  the  Peterborough  Architectural  Conservation  Advisory  Committee  was
called  to  order  at  7:00  p.m.  by  Stewart  Hamilton,  Chair  in  the  Sutherland  Room,  City
Hall.

Present:
Catherine Dibben
Kathryn McLeod
Stewart Hamilton, Chair
Martin Parker
Bronson Smith
Kaes Vanderkooy
Councillor Pappas (arrived 7:07 p.m.)
Ivan Bateman

Regrets:
Paul Lumsden

Staff:
Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator
Rebecca Whelan, Heritage Researcher
Brian Buchardt, Planner, Urban Design
Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator


Minutes – June 19, 2013

Moved by Martin Parker

That  the  minutes  of  the  Peterborough  Architectural  Conservation  Advisory
Committee meeting held on June 19, 2013 be approved.

“CARRIED”





Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough September 10, 2013
Draft Minutes Not Approved

Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory  Committee  Held  on  September  10,  2013  in  the  Sutherland Room, City Hall.
The  meeting  of  the  Peterborough  Architectural  Conservation  Advisory  Committee  was called  to  order  at  7:00  p.m.  by  Stewart  Hamilton,  Chair  in  the  Sutherland  Room,  City Hall.
Present: Catherine Dibben Kathryn McLeod Stewart Hamilton, Chair Martin Parker Bronson Smith Kaes Vanderkooy Councillor Pappas (arrived 7:07 p.m.) Ivan Bateman
Regrets: Paul Lumsden
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Rebecca Whelan, Heritage Researcher Brian Buchardt, Planner, Urban Design Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – June 19, 2013
Moved by Martin Parker
That  the  minutes  of  the  Peterborough  Architectural  Conservation  Advisory Committee meeting held on June 19, 2013 be approved.
“CARRIED”

