


Peterborough Architectural
Conservation Advisory Committee
Minutes
City of Peterborough
March 6, 2014
Draft Minutes Not Approved







Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation
Advisory Committee Held on March 6, 2014 in the Sutherland Room,
City Hall.

The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was
called to order at 7:03 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Councillor Pappas Stewart Hamilton, Chair Martin Parker Kaes Vanderkooy Ivan Bateman Catherine Dibben Paul Lumsden Bronson Smith
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – February 6, 2014
Moved by Martin Parker
That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on February 6, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”


Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 6, 2014
Page 2
Consent Agenda
No items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
Councillor  Pappas  declared  an  interest  in  Item  3,  Report  PACAC14-012  –  Mount  St. Joseph Presentation, as he has family members that live in close proximity to Mount St. Joseph.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC14-012 Mount St. Joseph
Due to his previously declared interest, Councillor Pappas did not discuss or vote on this matter.
Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC14-012, dated March 6, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation by Kevin Duguay on the proposed development of the former Mount St. Joseph convent site be received.
“CARRIED”

Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 6, 2014
Page 3
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC14-010 Lily Lake Secondary Plan Presentation
Moved by Ivan Bateman
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC14-010, dated March 6, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the presentation by Brad Appleby on the final draft of the Lily Lake Secondary Plan and By-law be received.
Committee added the following at their meeting on March 6, 2014:
b)
That the PACAC Chair send a letter to Brad Appleby, Planner, City of Peterborough, indicating the Committee’s suggestions for the Lily Lake Secondary Plan, and
That 789 Lily Lake Road be considered eligible for designation under Part 4 of the Ontario Heritage Act and that staff provide a report to Committee regarding the Heritage significance of the property.
c)
“CARRIED”
Councillor Pappas left the meeting at 8:50 p.m.
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC14-009 Heritage Preservation Office Report
Moved by Martin Parker
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC14-009, dated March 6, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the monthly activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for February 2014 be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory
Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 6, 2014
Page 4
Other Business
Kathryn McLeod has resigned from PACAC as she has accepted the position of Heritage Researcher with the City of Peterborough.
That Paul Lumsden volunteer to sit on the Heritage Cultural District Study Steering Committee as PACAC’s representative.
Next Meeting – The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for April 3, 2014.
Adjournment
Moved by Paul Lumsden
That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 9:11 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Stewart Hamilton Chair
