

Planning Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
September 18, 2017
Draft Minutes Not Approved





Minutes of a meeting of Planning Committee held on September 18,
2017 in the Council Chambers, City Hall.

Planning Committee was called to order at 6:30 p.m. in the Council Chambers by Councillor Parnell, Chair.
Roll Call: Councillor Baldwin Councillor Beamer Councillor Clarke Councillor Haacke Councillor Parnell, Chair Councillor Pappas Councillor Riel Councillor Therrien Councillor Vassiliadis Councillor McWilliams Mayor Bennett
Confirmation of Minutes – August 28, 2017
Moved by Councillor Clarke
That the minutes of the meeting of Planning Committee held on August 28, 2017 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.




Planning Committee Minutes

September 18, 2017
Page 2
Public Meeting under The Planning Act Director, Planning and Development Services Report PLPD17-037 Residential Front Yard and Recreational Vehicle Parking
Patrick Vusir, Assistant Planner, made a presentation to Report PLPD17-037.
Karen Thaxter, 187 Dumble Avenue, spoke in opposition to the application.
Brock Grills, 20 Finchurst Road, spoke in opposition to the application.
Paul Cleveland, 222 McDonnel, spoke in opposition to the application.
John Milne, Peterborough and Kawartha Home Builders Association, spoke in opposition to the application.
Councillor Riel called a point of order regarding the Chair breaching the rules of procedure (16.22.1). The Chair ruled on the point of order and Councillor Riel questioned the decision of the Chair. Upon vote, Council upheld the decision of the Chair.
Robert Gibson, 640 Grange Way, spoke in support of the application.
Dawna Rhodenhizer, 904 Kawartha Drive, spoke in support of the application.
Monica Moran, 258 Sunset Boulevard, spoke in support of the application.
John Burns, 909 Barnardo Avenue, spoke in support of the application.
Patti Meredith, 1492 Ireland Drive, spoke in support of the application.
Moved by Mayor Bennett
That Report PLPD17-037 be deferred to allow staff to examine related issues and investigate other possible solutions.
“CARRIED”


Planning Committee Minutes

September 18, 2017
Page 3
Other Business
Moved by Mayor Bennett
a)  That Staff review and report back to Council on the potential of utilizing
Community Improvement Plan incentives, such as a Brownfield Tax Assistance Program, for industrial employment land areas throughout the City, including industrial parks and the GE complex.

b)     That Staff report back to Council on providing an inventory of all
employment lands/industrial-commercial lands in the City of Peterborough.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Andrew Beamer
That staff investigate residential parking options including curb cuts, calendar parking, seasonal parking, on-street parking and permits.
“WITHDRAWN”
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That this meeting of Planning Committee adjourn at 9:18 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Natalie Garnett Deputy City Clerk
Councillor Parnell Chair
