







Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes


September 18, 2018

Present

Staff Present

Call to Order

David Ronson
Councillor Haacke
Councillor Baldwin
Diane Sargent, Chair
Glen Payne
Pete Dalliday
Ashley Vititoe

Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Rob Anderson, Recreation Division Coordinator
Sue Warrington, Arenas Division Manager
Brad Putnam, Community Arena Operations Manager
Rob McAulay, Facility Manager, PSWC
Phil Jacobs, Parks & Forestry Supervisor

The meeting was called to order by Diane Sargent, Chair at 5:32 p.m. in the Auditorium, Community Services Office.
Confirmation of Minutes
Moved by Councillor Baldwin
That the minutes of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee of May 15, 2018 be approved.
Carried
Carried
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.
Consent Agenda - 5.e.
Moved by Councillor Haacke
That item 5.e. be approved as part of the Consent Agenda.
Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee minutes of September 18, 2018
Reports and Communications
Municipal Access to Recreation Group - 2017 Year in Review Report APRAC18-019
Moved by Councillor Haacke
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC18-019 dated September 18, 2018, of the Recreation Division Coordinator, as follows:
a)   That report APRAC18-019 be received for information; and
b)   That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee continues to
support Staff’s ongoing participation on the County-wide Municipal Access to Recreation Group.
Cyclocross National Championships 2018 and 2019 Report APRAC18-018
The Chair indicated that because the presenter could not attend the meeting, the report would not be dealt with.
Challenger Baseball - Field of Dreams Proposal Report APRAC18-020
Moved by Glen Payne
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC18-020 dated September 18, 2018, of the Recreation Division Coordinator, as follows:
a)   That a presentation by Peterborough Challenger Baseball be received for
information; and
b)   That Staff be requested to continue discussions with Peterborough
Challenger Baseball on their proposal to establish a barrier-free baseball diamond on City-owned land.
Carried

Carried



Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee minutes of September 18, 2018
Peterborough Sport and Wellness Centre - Accessible Pool Pod Report APRAC18-022
Andrea Pade, Aquatics Coordinator and Heather Stephens, Assistant Facility Manager provided an overview of Report APRAC18-022.
Moved by David Ronson
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report APRAC18-022 dated September 18, 2018, of the Facility Manager, Peterborough Sport and Wellness Centre, as follows:
That the presentation by Peterborough Sport and Wellness Centre staff be received for information.
Carried
Arena Ice Allocation Policy Update Report APRAC18-017
Sue Warrington, Manager, Arena Division and Brad Putnam, Community Arena Operations Manager, made a presentation.
Moved by Pete Dalliday
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report APRAC18-017, dated September 18, 2018, of the Arena Division Manager, as follows:
That a presentation by the Arena Division Manager providing an update on the creation of a Corporate Arena Ice Allocation Policy be received for information.
A discussion was held regarding the relocation of floor and ice times during the Memorial Centre renovations.
Carried
Other Business



Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Baldwin
That this meeting be adjourned at 7:26 p.m.
Carried

Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee minutes of September 18, 2018
Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Diane Sargent, Chair



