

Accessibility Advisory Committee
Built Environment Sub-Committee
January 21, 2020
Draft minutes not approved

A meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC) Built Environment Sub-
committee was called to order at 3:30 p.m. by Sioux Lily in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Sioux Lily (Chair) Neil Campbell Leanne Carpenter Jeff Chalmers Janet Dawson Andrea Dodsworth Leslie Yee
Regrets: Amanda Motyer Allison Seiderer
Staff: Mark Buffone, Accessibility and Compliance Coordinator Sarah Mackillican, Communication Coordinator Keith Payne, Urban Design Technologist Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest None declared. Approval of Agenda Moved by Janet Dawson
That the agenda for the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting dated January 21, 2020 be approved.
“Carried”
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee January 21, 2020 Approval of Previous Minutes Moved by Andrea Dodsworth

Page 2
That the minutes for the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee meeting held on December 10, 2019 be approved.
“Carried” Accessibility Reviews a) Site Plan Approval for 292 & 396 Lansdowne Street East
Recommendations for the proposed construction of Phase 1, two commercial buildings:
1.  Relocate snow storage area along Lansdowne Street East to ensure there is no
spill over and interference with the walkway that connects the buildings to the Lansdowne Street sidewalk.
2.  Provide a walkway network along the full length of the east property line and
connect walkways to the Willowcreek Trail north of the site.
3.  Accessible parking for building D: relocate so that the parking space location
doesn’t require people to travel across the drive aisle. Reconfigure parking lot as required.
4.  Extend Building ‘E’ walkway the full length of the parking lot, all the way to the
northmost parking area.
5.  Provide a pedestrian walkway network that connects to Willowcreek Plaza
buildings.
6.  Triangular parking spaces in front of Building E could be designated for small
vehicles (e-bikes, motorcycles, etc.)
7.  Install bicycle racks at both buildings and ensure that they do not obstruct the
walkway clear path of travel.
8.  The Committee expressed concern about the need for a pedestrian cross walk across Lansdowne Street, noting that there is potential to locate a driveway in future Phase 2 that aligns with another driveway to a commercial site across Lansdowne Street. Such a feature would make it easier for the City to install traffic control signals with cross walks at that location.
9.  Consider how walkways in Phase 1 could complement walkways to future phases
of this development, allowing pedestrian access between Phase 1 and Phase 2 buildings.
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee January 21, 2020

Page 3
10. A green space amenity area could be created between Phase 1 and Phase 2 for
features such as rest areas for pedestrians and service animals.
11. There appears to be only one type of accessible parking space: parking areas
should include the required larger 3.4 m wide accessible parking space for large vehicles.
12. Double-loaded parking in front of building D: it would be preferable to see single- load parking adjacent to the walkway fronting the building. This would also move the accessible parking spaces directly in front of the building (as noted in item 3, above).
13. Site lighting is not indicated on this plan; the Committee noted that site lighting
should be included as required. Suggestion that lighting could be placed with attention to illumination of curb cuts. The Committee also noted that pedestrian- scale lighting along walkways is an accessibility feature that assists in navigating and wayfinding.
14. Ensure that width of walkways will accommodate large vehicle overhang and still
allow clear path of travel.
15. Door operator locations should be marked on site plan drawings. Plan for door
operator locations to function properly with consideration of the swing of the door.
Other business Review of Abilities Centre in Whitby
Mark Buffone presented photographs of the Abilities Centre facility located in Whitby, which has many design features that could be useful for this committee to consider when making recommendations. Next meeting The next meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 18, 2020 from 3:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. in the Doris Room, City Hall. Adjournment Moved by Andrea Dodsworth That the meeting of the AAC Built Environment Sub-Committee adjourn at 4:50 p.m.
“Carried”
Appendix A
