









Museum and Archives Advisory Committee Minutes


Date:

Present

Staff Present

Call to Order

March 8, 2018

Councillor Riel
Debbie Flieler
Jodi Aoki
Karen Carter-Edwards
Linda Lumsden
Claude Dufresne
Gayle McIntyre, Chair
Ann Sullivan
Ken Brown

Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Susan Neale, Museum Director
Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services

The meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee was called to order at 5:00 p.m. by Gayle McIntyre, Chair, in the Fine Annex, Peterborough Museum & Archives.
Confirmation of Minutes
Moved by Karen Carter-Edwards
That the minutes of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee meeting held on February 8, 2018 be approved.
Carried
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
Consent Agenda
No items were passed on Consent.



Museum & Archives Advisory Committee minutes of March 8, 2018
Peterborough Museum & Archives: Deaccession and Repatriation Report MAAC18-005
Moved by Ann Sullivan
That the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report MAAC18-005 dated March 8, 2018, of the Museum Director, as follows:
a)
That the following two (2) objects be deaccessioned from the collection of the Peterborough Museum & Archives:
i) ii)
the Gwa’sala-‘Nakwaxda’xw ooligan feasting dish; the Gwa’sala-‘Nakwaxda’xw head ring.
b)
That the same two (2) objects be repatriated to the Gwa’sala-‘Nakwaxda’xw, Kwakwaka’wakw of North Vancouver Island, British Columbia.
City Relationship with Local First Nations, Metis and Aboriginal Groups Report MAAC18-006
Councillor Riel left the meeting at 6:24 p.m.
Moved by Jodi Aoki
That the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report MAAC18-006 dated March 8, 2018, of the Museum Director, as follows:
That the presentation by the Director of Community Services, on the City’s relationship with local First Nations, Métis and Aboriginal groups be received for information.
Peterborough Museum & Archives: Report on Activities Report MAAC18-007
Moved by Karen Carter-Edwards
That the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report MAAC18-007, dated March 8, 2018, of the Museum Director, as follows:
That the Museum Director’s report on the upcoming activities of the Peterborough Museum & Archives be received for information.
Carried
Carried
Carried



Museum & Archives Advisory Committee minutes of March 8, 2018
Other Business
There were no items of Other Business
Next Meeting - May 10, 2018
Adjournment
Moved by Claude Dufresne
Carried
Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Gayle McIntyre Chair
The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for May 10, 2018.
That this meeting of the Museum & Archives Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:28 p.m.


