Accessibility Advisory Committee
City of Peterborough
September 2, 2015
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee held on
September 2, 2015 in the Sutherland Room.

The meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee was called to order at 4:00 p.m. by Councillor Riel in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Amanda Motyer Andrea Dodsworth Bob Geddes Councillor Riel, Chair Gordon Earle Janet Ali Peter Michielsen Warren Northcott Ian Guest
Staff: Sharron Hayton, Customer Service Coordinator Mark Buffone, Accessibility Compliance Coordinator Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – May 27 and June 3, 2015
Moved by Peter Michielsen
That the minutes of the Accessibility Advisory Committee held on May 27 and June 3, 2015 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.

Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of September 2, 2015
Page 2

Accessibility Compliance Coordinator Report AAC15-030 Provision of Sidewalks Policy and Complete Streets Policy
Moved by Warren Northcott
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report AAC15-030, dated September 2, 2015 of the Accessibility Compliance Coordinator as follows:
a)
b)
That the presentation by the Transportation Demand Manager be received for information.
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee provides formal comment to the Transportation Demand Manager on the proposed changes to the Provision of Sidewalks Policy and the proposed Complete Streets Policy.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Warren Northcott
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee does not support property owners being surveyed to determine whether or not sidewalks be installed on a local street.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Warren Northcott
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee does not support the idea of site by site considerations for sidewalk requirements in new subdivisions.
“CARRIED”

Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of September 2, 2015
Page 3

Accessibility Compliance Coordinator Report AAC15-031 Accessibility Office Report
Moved by Andrea Dodsworth
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report AAC15-031 dated September 2, 2015, of the Accessibility Compliance Coordinator as follows:
That Report AAC15-031 with respect to the current work of the Accessibility Office be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Other Business
Text 911: Mark updated the Committee on Text 911.  The city will have this service in place by the end of the year as mandated by the CRTC.  The Police Services building requires installation of additional fibre cable.  Users who want to use text 911 will have to register with Police Services and use a phone provider that offers service that is compatible with text 911 service.  More details will follow in a medial release once the service is operating.
Vision 2015: 10-year strategic plan for recreation, parks, arenas and culture: The Accessibility Advisory Committee has been invited to attend the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting at the Queen Alexander Centre from 5:30 - 7:30 p.m. on Tuesday, September 15th.  The Agenda will be circulated by email on September 11th.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next Committee meeting will be held on October 7, 2015.

Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of September 2, 2015
Page 4

Adjournment
Moved by Ian Guest
That this meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee adjourn at 5:47 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Councillor Riel Chair
