

Accessibility Advisory Committee (AAC)
Transportation Sub-Committee Minutes
April 20, 2016
Draft Minutes Not Approved

The meeting of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee was called to order at 12:55 p.m. by Janet Ali in the Doris Room, City Hall.
Present: Janet Ali (Chair) Peter Bascan Marie Bongard Andrea Dodsworth Marty Morgan
Regrets: Lynn Morris John Morris Anne Trudel-Inglis Councillor Don Vassiliadis
Staff: Brad Appleby (Planner, Subdivision Control & Special Projects) Trish Reed (Accessibility and Communication Specialist)
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of pecuniary interest.
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee April 20, 2016

Page 2
That the agenda for the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee meeting dated April 20, 2016 be approved.
Approval of Agenda
Moved by Marty Morgan
“Carried”
Accessibility Review
a)  Proposed Revisions to Application for Draft Plan of Subdivision – File No.
15T – 14502: 821, 825 and 829 Lily Lake Road
Presented by Brad Appleby, Planner, Subdivision Control & Special Projects
Brad Appleby presented the relevant information and drawings relating to the application for a subdivision on the south side of Lily Lake Road.
Summary of recommendations from the Transportation Sub-Committee:
1.  Increase green space to help facilitate community activity.
2.  If the school is built, there will be no townhomes in the subdivision. Add
additional townhomes.
3.  Where grades permit, consider accessible units.
4.  Provide front loading washing machines in the laundry room, ideally on a
raised platform.
5.  Add traffic calming methods on Streets A and B to ensure vehicles
approaching roundabouts are moving at a reasonable speed.
6.  Ensure accessibility and pedestrians are considered in the design of the
  Locating the crosswalk one or more passenger car lengths behind the
roundabout by:
yield line

Install APS at the crosswalks
  Use a single lane roundabout
  Have a tight entry and exit curvature to control vehicle speed
  Have splitter islands that are at least 2.0m wide
  Angle the crosswalk to create a shorter crossing distance and a
defined two stage crossing
  Do not have visual barriers in the middle island (visual barrier for
drivers, audible barrier for pedestrians
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee April 20, 2016

Page 3
Business Arising from the Previous Minutes
a)  Develop priority rating needs for APS, curb cuts and sidewalk repairs
The Committee worked to develop the following priority rating (the number representing the points awarded for each variable):
1. Type of Road

Arterial - more than 2 motorized vehicle travel lanes 25 Arterial - 2 motorized vehicle travel lanes 15 Collector 10 Local/Residential 5
2. Pedestrian Generators

School 25 Accessible housing/units 25 Other public building (i.e. Service Ontario, hospital, arena, church, library) 15 Senior Residence 10 Student Housing 10 Subsidized Housing 10
3. Transit

At or near the bus terminal 20 At or near a bus stop/shelter 15 Multiple transit routes 10 Single transit route 5
4. Commercial Areas

Downtown 20 Major shopping centre or theatre 15 Other retails space (i.e. Tim Horton's, restaurants) 10

5. Trails and Parks

Located at or near a trail crossing  20 Proximity to a park  15 Proximity to a neighbourhood park  10
Appendix A
Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee April 20, 2016

Page 4
Other Business
a)  Handi-Van
The Committee expressed concerns regarding booking and the customer service at Transit. Complaints are continuing to arise.
Action Item: The Accessibility Office will continue to report concerns to the Transit Division.
b)  Bus Hailing Kits
Marie Bongard discussed the purpose of the once distributed bus hailing kits and the benefits they provide to those with low or no vision.
Action Item: The Accessibility Office will look into what the status of the bus hailing kits is.
The next scheduled AAC Transportation Sub-Committee meeting is Wednesday, May 18, 2016 from 1:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. at City Hall in the Doris Room.
Next Meeting
Adjourned
Moved by Marty Morgan
“Carried”
That the meeting of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee adjourn at 3:05 p.m.
Appendix A
