Accessibility Advisory Committee
City of Peterborough
March 4, 2015
Draft Minutes Not Approved






Minutes of a Meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee Held on
March 4, 2015 in the Sutherland Room.

The meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee was called to order at 4:02 p.m. by Councillor Riel in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Janet Ali Amanda Motyer Peter Michielsen Andrea Dodsworth Bob Geddes Councillor Riel Warren Northcott
Regrets: Ian Guest Gordon Earle
Staff: Kathryn McLeod, Accessibility Coordinator Mark Buffone, Accessibility Compliance Co-ordinator Phil Jacobs, Supervisor – Parks and Forestry, Public Works Rebecca Morgan Quin, Housing Program Officer Chad Brown, Deputy Fire Chief Amanda Nichols, Public Educator - Fire Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Councillor Riel welcomed the new members to the Committee.
Election of Officers for 2015
Chair
Moved by Janet Ali
That Councillor Riel be appointed as Chair of the Accessibility Advisory Committee for 2015.
"CARRIED"
Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 4, 2015
Page 2

Minutes – February 4, 2015
Moved by Peter Michielsen
That the minutes of the Accessibility Advisory Committee held on February 4, 2015 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.
Accessibility Coordinator Report AAC15-007 Presentation from Supervisor of Parks and Forestry about the new playground at Beavermead Park
Phil Jacobs, Supervisor - Parks and Forestry provided an overview of Report AAC15-007.
Moved by Amanda Motyer
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report AAC15-007, dated March 4, 2015, of the Accessibility Coordinator as follows:
a)
That the presentation by the Supervisor of Parks and Forestry be received for information.
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee provide formal comment to the Public Works Division on the design of the Beavermead Park play structure before the project is tendered.
b)
“CARRIED”

Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 4, 2015
Page 3

Accessibility Coordinator Report AAC15-010 Presentation from the Housing Division on the draft Duty to Accommodate Policy
Rebecca Morgan Quin, Housing Program Officer, provided an overview of Report AAC15-010.
Moved by Janet Ali
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report AAC15-010 dated March 4, 2015, of the Accessibility Coordinator as follows:
That the presentation by the Programs Officer in the Housing Division be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Accessibility Coordinator Report AAC15-006 Presentation from Peterborough Fire Services on the Vulnerable Occupancy Legislation
Chad Brown, Deputy Fire Chief and Amanda Nichols, Public Educator, gave a powerpoint presentation on Report AAC15-006.
Moved by Janet Ali
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report AAC15-006, dated March 4, 2015 of the Accessibility Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation by the Deputy Fire Chief and Public Educator from Peterborough Fire Services be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Andrea Dodsworth left the meeting at 5:40 p.m.
Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 4, 2015
Page 4

Accessibility Coordinator Report AAC15-008 Transportation Sub-Committee Report
Moved by Janet Ali
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report AAC15-008, dated March 4, 2015 of the Accessibility Coordinator as follows:
That Report AAC15-008 with respect to the meeting of the Transportation Sub-Committee be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Warren Northcott
That staff investigate the possibility of making GPS coordinates available for amenities such as bus stops and City facilities, and
That staff bring a report back to the Committee at a future meeting.
“CARRIED”
Accessibility Compliance Coordinator Accessibility Coordinator Report AAC15-009 Accessibility Office Report
Moved by Bob Geddes
That the Accessibility Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report AAC15-009 dated March 4, 2015 of the Accessibility Compliance Coordinator and the Accessibility Coordinator as follows:
That Report AAC15-009 with respect to the current work of the Accessibility Office be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Accessibility Advisory Committee Minutes
Meeting of March 4, 2015
Page 5

Other Business
1.
2.
3.
The Chair asked staff to forward the meeting schedules of the Transportation and Built Environment sub-committees to the new Committee members.
AODA 10th Anniversary Event – The Peterborough event will take place on Wednesday, April 8th at the McDonnel Street Activity Centre.
It was requested by a Committee member that meetings be kept to a two hour time limit.

Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next Committee meeting will be held on April 1, 2015.
Adjournment
Moved by Janet Ali
That this meeting of the Accessibility Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:28 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Councillor Riel Chair
