


Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory
Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
September 15, 2015
Draft Minutes Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory
Committee Held on Tuesday, September 15, 2015 at the Queen
Alexandra Centre.

The Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting was called to order by Gary Rabjohn at 5:30 p.m. at the Queen Alexandra Centre, 180 Barnardo Avenue.
Present: Councillor Haacke Councillor Therrien Diane Sargent David Ronson Gary Rabjohn, Chair Rocky Caravaggio
Staff: Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services Rob Anderson, Recreation Division Coordinator Sue Warrington, Arena Division Manager Geoff Mathews, Manager, Peterborough Wellness Centre Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Guests: Allan Seabrooke, Chief Administrative Officer Sharron Hayton, Customer Service Coordinator Councillor Riel (AAC) Andrea Dodsworth (AAC) Janet Ali (AAC) Amanda Motyer (AAC) Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Dirk Verhulst (ACHAC) Stewart Hamilton (PACAC) Jacqueline Irwin (PACAC) Catherine Dibben (PACAC) Paul Lumsden (PACAC) Ivan Bateman (PACAC) Kim Zippel (Ptbo. Field Naturalists)
Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
September 15, 2015
Page 2
Confirmation of Minutes – May 26, 2015
Moved by Councillor Haacke
That the minutes of the meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee held on May 26, 2015 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of interest.
Moved by Councillor Therrien
That the Rules of Order be suspended to permit members from other advisory committees to speak.
“CARRIED”
Recreation Division Coordinator Report APRAC15-031 Vision 2025 Advisory Committee Consultation
Rob Anderson, Recreation Division Coordinator, welcomed Robert Lockhart from the Rethink Group.
Moved by David Ronson
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC15-031 dated September 15, 2015, of the Recreation Division Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That the September 15, 2015 Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting be conducted as a meeting including the Arts Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee, and the Accessibility Advisory Committee; and
Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
September 15, 2015
Page 3
b)
That a presentation from Robert Lockhart on the Vision 2025 project be received, and that input be provided by the Advisory Committees.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Therrien left the meeting at 6:52 p.m.
Councillor Haacke left the meeting at 7:20 p.m.
Other Business
October Meeting – Change of Date
Moved by Diane Sargent
That the next Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting be rescheduled from Tuesday, October 20 to Thursday, October 22, 2015.
“CARRIED”
Adjournment
Moved by Rocky Caravaggio
That this meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee adjourn at 7:38 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Gary Rabjohn Chair
