


Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory
Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
February 23, 2016
Draft Minutes Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory
Committee Held on Tuesday, February 23, 2016 in the Council
Chambers, City Hall.

The Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee meeting was called to order by Gary Rabjohn, Chair at 5:33 p.m. in the Council Chambers.
Present: Councillor Haacke David Ronson Diane Sargent Gary Rabjohn, Chair Katy Shufelt Rocky Caravaggio
Regrets: Councillor Therrien
Staff: Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services Rob Anderson, Recreation Division Coordinator Phil Jacobs, Supervisor - Parks and Forestry Geoff Matthews, Manager, Peterborough Wellness Centre Sue Warrington, Arena Division Manager Allan Seabrooke, Chief Administrative Officer Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Guests: Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Councillor Riel Councillor McWilliams Nancy Jackson (MAAC) Don Parnell (AAC) Andy Cragg (ACHAC) Jodi Aoki (MAAC) Paul Lumsden (PACAC) Jacqueline Irwin (PACAC)
Dennis Carter-Edwards (ACHAC) Catherine Dibben (PACAC) Janet Ali (AAC) Gayle McIntyre (MAAC) Ann Sullivan (MAAC) Bill Kimball (ACHAC)









Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
February 23, 2016
Page 2
Confirmation of Minutes – January 18, 2016
Moved by Diane Sargent
That the minutes of the meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee held on January 18, 2016 be approved.
“CARRIED”
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no disclosures of Interest.
Recreation Division Coordinator Report APRAC16-006 Vision 2025 Project Update
Moved by David Ronson
That the Arenas Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report APRAC16-006 dated February 23, 2016, of the Recreation Division Coordinator, as follows:
a)
That a presentation by Mr. Robert Lockhart, from RETHINK Group, on the preliminary findings of the Vision 2025 Consultation activities conducted in 2015 be received; and
b)
That the Rules of Order be suspended to permit members of the Arts Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee, Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee, Museum and Archives Advisory Committee, and the Accessibility Advisory Committee to ask questions and provide input, following the Vision 2025 presentation from Mr. Lockhart.
“CARRIED”
Councillor Haacke left the meeting at 6:35 p.m. and returned at 6:49 p.m.
The Chair called for a brief recess at 7:13 p.m.  Committee reconvened at 7:17 p.m.
Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee Minutes
February 23, 2016
Page 3
Other Business
The Chair indicated that he would be forwarding an email to Committee members received from the Peterborough Field Naturalists inviting them on a tour of Harper Park on March 4, 2016 at 11:00 a.m.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for March 15, 2016.
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Haacke
That this meeting of the Arenas, Parks and Recreation Advisory Committee adjourn at 7:21 p.m.
"CARRIED"
Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Gary Rabjohn, Chair
