

Arts, Culture & Heritage

Advisory Committee Minutes

City of Peterborough

February 9, 2012

Draft Not Approved







Minutes of a Meeting of Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Held on February 9, 2012, in the Sutherland Room, City Hall

Present:
Catherine Dibben (P.A.C.A.C.)
Patricia Newson (Art Gallery of Peterborough)
Councillor Parnell
Marcus Quin (Citizen Member)
Bronson Smith (Citizen Member)
John Summers (Canadian Canoe Museum), Chair
Barb Van Vierzen (GPAEDC)
Carmela Valles (Culture and/or Heritage Professional), Vice Chair

Absent:
Dennis Carter-Edwards (Peterborough Historical Society)
Dwayne Collins (Peterborough Public Library Board)
Fynn Leitch (Citizen Member)
Ray Marshall (Showplace)
Emily Martin (Little Lake Music Fest)
Councillor Pappas
Patti Shaughnessy (Culture and/or Heritage Professional)
Candace Shaw (Culture and/or Heritage Professional)
Cheryl White (Peterborough Museum and Archives)

Staff:
Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator
Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk


At  7:15  p.m.  the  Chair  advised  that  given  the  lack  of  quorum,  the  group  would  be
meeting as an Executive Session.

Barb  Van  Vierzen  provided  an  update  on  the  first  “Artrepreneurs”  event  which  was  a
success.

The Chair provided information on “Our Favourite Place Reservation System” which is
being offered through RTO 8.




Arts, Culture & Heritage
Advisory Committee Minutes
City of Peterborough
February 9, 2012
Draft Not Approved



Minutes of a Meeting of Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee Held on February 9, 2012, in the Sutherland Room, City Hall
Present: Catherine Dibben (P.A.C.A.C.) Patricia Newson (Art Gallery of Peterborough) Councillor Parnell Marcus Quin (Citizen Member) Bronson Smith (Citizen Member) John Summers (Canadian Canoe Museum), Chair Barb Van Vierzen (GPAEDC) Carmela Valles (Culture and/or Heritage Professional), Vice Chair
Absent: Dennis Carter-Edwards (Peterborough Historical Society) Dwayne Collins (Peterborough Public Library Board) Fynn Leitch (Citizen Member) Ray Marshall (Showplace) Emily Martin (Little Lake Music Fest) Councillor Pappas Patti Shaughnessy (Culture and/or Heritage Professional) Candace Shaw (Culture and/or Heritage Professional) Cheryl White (Peterborough Museum and Archives)
Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk
At  7:15  p.m.  the  Chair  advised  that  given  the  lack  of  quorum,  the  group  would  be meeting as an Executive Session.
Barb  Van  Vierzen  provided  an  update  on  the  first  “Artrepreneurs”  event  which  was  a success.
The Chair provided information on “Our Favourite Place Reservation System” which is being offered through RTO 8.
