Arts, Culture & Heritage

Advisory Committee Minutes

City of Peterborough

May 8, 2014

Draft Not Approved




Minutes of a Meeting of Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Held on May 8, 2014, in the Sutherland Room, City Hall

The meeting of the Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee was called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Dennis Carter-Edwards, Chair in the Sutherland Room, City Hall.
Present: Dennis Carter-Edwards, Chair Councillor Pappas Councillor Parnell Michael Bell Bruce Stonehouse Peer Christensen Dirk Verhulst
Regrets: Fynn Leitch
Guests: Emerance Baker – EC3 Secretary
Staff: Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator
Minutes – April 10, 2014
Moved by Bruce Stonehouse
That  the  minutes  of  the  Arts,  Culture  and  Heritage  Advisory  Committee  meeting held on April 10, 2014 be approved.
“CARRIED”

Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of May 8, 2014

Page 2
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no Disclosures of Interest.
Consent Agenda
Moved by Dirk Verhulst
That item 5 be passed as part of the Consent Agenda.
“CARRIED”
Heritage Resources Coordinator Report ACHAC14-021 Heritage Resources Coordinator’s Activity Report
Moved by Dirk Verhulst
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC14-021, dated May 8, 2014 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the monthly activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for April 2014 be received for information.
“CARRIED”


Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of May 8, 2014

Page 3
Manager, Arts, Culture & Heritage Division Report ACHAC14-022 “Contesting Canada” 50th Anniversary Conference on Canadian Studies at Trent University


Moved by Councillor Parnell
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC14-022, dated May 8, 2014 of the Manager, Arts, Culture 7 Heritage Division, as follows:
That the presentation by Michael Eamon, Adjunct Professor, Frost Centre for Canadian Studies and Indigenous Studies be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Moved by Bruce Stonehouse
That the ACHAC Chair attend the next “Contesting Canada’s Future” planning meeting on behalf of the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee.
“CARRIED”
Director of Community Services Report ACHAC14-023 City Funding to External Organizations
Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services provided a Power Point presentation on Report ACHAC14-023.
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That the Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report ACHAC14-023 dated May 8, 2014 of the Director of Community Services, as follows:
That the presentation by the Director of Community Services on City Funding to External Organizations be received for information.
“CARRIED”
Arts, Culture & Heritage Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes of May 8, 2014

Page 4
Other Business
Becky Rogers has taken on the position of Manager of Arts, Culture & Heritage in a full-time capacity.  Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services is currently acting as Manager & CEO of the Library until a new employee is hired.
Next Meeting
The Chair indicated that the next scheduled meeting is June 12, 2014.
Adjournment
Moved by Councillor Pappas
That this meeting of Arts, Culture and Heritage Advisory Committee adjourn at 8:29 p.m.
"CARRIED"

Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator
Dennis Carter-Edwards Chair
